Using words that insult one group while defending another group doesn't come across as helpful.
You can make the same point more effectively without the use of hateful terminology.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults people with mental disabilities.
You can disagree with someones opinion without calling them names. Use reason and you might get more people on your side.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults women.
Your argument is more rational if you leave you the hateful words, people will be more inclined to listen to you then.
Use of the slur here is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults gays.
You shouldn't generalize a specific group or call them names, use thoughtful words in your discussion and it will help get your point out.
If someone is rude it is better to ignore them instead of being equally as rude right back.
Please be careful with the words you choose - even if you don't mean it in a hateful way, the history of the word is sensitive!
You could say instead that they sound like a too sensitive individual.
Just because someone likes the opposite sex doesn't mean they are less than you.
The words you've chosen are hateful and derogatory. Please try to be more respectful towards fellow users!
The racism is outrageous and that comment proves the point.
Just because someone is a different race doesn't mean they are less than you.
Please refrain from using such horrible bigotry, and instead opt for a more universally accepted word. Thanks for understanding!
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to help anything.
Your words are derogatory and offensive, and could be hurtful to other users and readers. Please be more respectful!
Terrible to make fun of a blind person. I hope nobody in your family or even you become disabled one day.
Hating an entire race based on the actions of a few people doesn't make any sense.
Woah! Please don't use such strong and offensive language. You can instead opt for more neutral words without such a sensitive history.
Twitter isn't playing with this. My son was banned too for making only one comment that a bot took out of context. Beware.
Just because someone is a different race doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of.
I'm sorry to see that your hatred is so engrained that you use such a word.
Words that attack an entire race are neither careful, nor considerate.
Whether you addressed the point or not, there's no need to call names. All this comment shows is your hatred, undermining your arguments.
Stop using racist and medical conditions as an insult.
Using words that attack someone's disability or race don't contribute to understanding.
Your comment is completely unhelpful and only shows your hatred.
Stop using racist slurs.
I don't think using words that perpetuate a negative stereotype show care or promote understanding.
The language in this post is completely incorrect and hateful. You could make a better point if you used neutral language and presented fact
Stop using racist and gender based slurs.
Using a derogatory word to describe someone's race is not productive in conversion and does not show care.
Language that demeans based on disability is not ok
It would have been very easy for you to find another word to use here that does not victimize people.
Insults based on sexual orientation are not ok.
I wish you had more gay people around you who could call you out on this slur.
This language is offensive and constitutes hate speech directed at the gay community. Calling someone a faggot is derogatory and wrong.
Insults based on race are not ok.
I hope you can see how the environment around you is creating these divisions.
This language is racist and homophobic and constitutes hate speech directed at Black people.  It's derogatory and wrong.
There is a heavy amount of irony in what you are saying.
This language is racist and constitutes hate speech directed at the Black people.  It's derogatory and wrong.
I think that you should do more research on how resources are allocated in this country.
This language is highly racist and constitutes hate speech directed at Black people. It's derogatory and wrong.
That language doesn't really help make your point
Use of the slur here is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults Muslims.
Use of the n-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults blacks.
Insults based on sexual orientation or religion are not ok.
Your point is hidden behind all the random abusive language...
Use of the slur and hatred here is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults gays.
Obama's race has nothing to do with his policies. Let's discuss his political views instead please.
This hate speech adds nothing to this conversation
We can use other words to express our distaste in ideals. Using words that don't attack groups of people helps to strengthen our points.
Use of the slurs here is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults and alienates others.
The hatred in your response is very hurtful to groups that only want fairness and equality. You would benefit from hearing their side.
Using that language doesn't help you make your point here
Despite your differing opinions in this case, using slurs will always weaken your point. Civility wins arguments.
If there is none of that content, then there's no need for you to mention the content.
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding.
We are all entitled to our own opinions. With that said, we are not entitled to put others down because they disagree with our own ideas.
There is no need to use such language. It can be hurtful to people, even if you don't mean it that way.
I don't want an explanation. I only want to let you know that whatever you are trying to communicate is very, very hurtful. Please rephrase.
You don't need to bring other groups down when talking about someone you dislike. There are better insults than that.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability or that demeans one's gender identity does not show care.
Opinions aside, this is not at all any way to share an idea. Could there be a better way to describe your thoughts on this individual?
If you can't get along well, there's no need to even message each other. No one is forcing you to talk to each other.
Wow. Both of you have completely invalidated your positions. This language does not build you up, but rather break everyone down.
If you dislike someone so much, you should use a fitting insult and not defame other groups
Everyone is entitled to their own opinions. It sounds like you have a particular position on this matter. Can you rephrase your thoughts?
The language you have used is derogatory, and in this context it is hurtful towards women and the Jewish community. Please use better words.
Name calling shows a lack of understanding for the topic at hand.
It's better to not say anything if you don't agree with someone, hurling insults won't change their views.
The term you have used here is not appropriate, and shouldn't be used in this context! It is offensive to the disabled community.
Replacing the foul language will make it more pleasurable for others to read the post.
You made valid points and backed up your arguments, however using insults at the end made you lose a lot of credibility.
The term you have used here is derogatory towards the gay community, and should never be used. Please be more careful with your word choice.
Talking down on someone in such a foul way speaks volumes about your character.
I would respect someone who stands up for what they believe in instead of someone who uses insults.
The language you are using is derogatory, and offensive to other communities of people. Please refrain from using such harmful language.
There are much better words that should be used to replace the foul language.
Instead of yelling at someone and calling names, back up your thoughts and opinions with logical discussion and you might get somewhere.
The language you have used here is derogatory, and offends multiple communities of people. Please refrain from using these hurtful terms!
Name calling is a childish way to describe someone.
I think leaving out the hateful words would help allow the rest of your opinions and comments much more traction. You had me until the end.
Its ok if you dont like her as a reporter but when you use the word cunt you are not only offending here so please try not to use that word.
Please try not to use such slurs to describe people.
Get rid of the distressing comments and please stay objective.
Please dont use the word nigger, its offensive to a lot of people not to mention all the pain that word has caused over the years.
Please try not to use racial slurs to describe people.
Please remove the painful comments against others.
You can express your opinion without the use of insults, insults will only make things worse the LGTB community will s ure appriciate it.
Please try to use different words to describe people.
Please do away with the detrimental comments directed at others.
That is really racist, there nothing wrong with sharing your opinion but you shouldnt use racist language. thats just bad.
Stay away from the attacks on others and please make your comments more objective.
You shoudnt use the word retard it mocks people with dissabilities and also the racist hate is wrong, there are other ways to express ideas.
Please remove the hostile comments from your speech.
Blatant anti-semitism, and the use of the offensive term "ret--d" brand these posts as hate speech and as such have no place here.
Hating an entire religion based on the actions of a few people doesn't make any sense.
Religion isn't relevant here.
The "N word" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary.
That type of meme is harmful, better ones exist.
His race isn't relevant, and that isn't respectful
This post reeks with both antisemitism and racism, neither of which have a place here.
Slurs aren't necessary here, if your issue is cops
Both blanket hatred and the offensive term "c-nts" successfully obscure whatever point may be included here.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
No one should be harmed for his or her views.
Please try to express your thoughts in a less hateful way.
Use of hateful language regarding a person's religion is unwarranted and not humorous.
Free speech and artistic expression is what we are all about.
Use of hateful language regarding race is unwarranted and not humorous.
It's your right to feel they are bad people. And thank you for the Israel clarification. I'm sure a lot of people didn't realize that.
Please try to use less hateful language to get your point across.
Use of hateful language regarding race and gender is unnecessary and unintelligent.
Please try to avoid using hateful slurs to get your point across.
Totally unwarranted to use hateful language regarding people with a disability in posting.
The monetary distribution within the NFL is "suits over players".
Please do not use such hateful language to describe people.
Use of hateful language regarding race is unnecessary and unintelligent.
Please refrain from using derogatory terms for mentally handicapped people.
Just because someone has a mental disability doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of.
The slang term for a homosexual person used in this post is inappropriate.
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you.
Please refrain from using derogatory terms for people of a particular sexual orientation
The slang term used for a homosexual in this post is hate speech.
Everyone is different. It is better to judge someone based on their character, not assumptions about their lifestyle.
Please refrain from using derogatory terms for people of any race.
Users 4,5 and 6 have used slang, hurtful words to talk about white and black people.
It is better to judge each individual than to judge an entire race.
Please refrain from using derogatory terms for females.
Both users have used hate speech against men and women.
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
When you use that kind of language it reflects poorly on your character.
The term "retard" is considered offensive by many people regardless of the context. Please avoid using the term.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
I'd like to have this conversation with you but cannot if you use that language.
Refrain from using the term "retard."  Many find it offensive regardless of the context.
I don't think words that demean a person with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation.
When you use that language it reflects poorly on your intelligence.
This post is considered hate speech. Refrain from using the term "nigger," it is considered offensive.
I don't think using words to demean a persons faith or race are careful in conversation.
When you use that word it immediately invalidates your point.
Refrain from using the terms "whore" and "retard." These terms are considered offensive by many and constitute hate speech.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
I understand what you are saying but it's hard to agree with you when you use that kind of language.
Refrain from reposting quotes that contain hate speech. This, in itself, promotes hate speech.
I don't think that using words which a derogatory to one's gender identity belong in meaningful conversation.
Use of the n-word is unacceptable in discourse as it demeans and insults blacks.
Is not wise to bring racial comments in sports, you guys are really losing your time. Instead, talk about performance and professionalism.
Use of the slur here is unacceptable in discourse as it demeans and insults gays.
It is so ridiculous use hate words to insult a gay person. This shows that you lack arguments.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable in discourse as it demeans and insults women.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable in discourse as it demeans and insults people with mental disabilities.
You think be smarter, but the true is that you show to be not polite and not in control of your mouth.
Of course, something goes wrong blame the blacks. Worse of it call them niger, you don't have maners.
Please refrain from using racial slurs to describe people.
Perhaps you should try to find a less hateful way to express yourself.
Please try to refrain from using hateful words to describe people.
Please try to use less hateful words to describe people.
No need for the racial slurs, just don't click his link.
Language that demeans based on race is not ok
Use of the N word is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
Using this word is very offensive to disabled people.
Don't offend all women because you disagree with one.
Insulting someone because of their gender is unacceptable
The C word and language attacking gender is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
The racial slur is completely unnecessary and adds nothing to the argument.
The N word is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
That comment is really hateful towards several groups of people.
Insults based on race or religion are not ok.
This post could be offensive to those with mental disabilities.
Please curb the hurtful words and employ language that is not debasing.
This post could be offensive to those with mental disabilities or jewish people.
Please cleanse your speech of derogatory remarks aimed at the innocent.
Please do not use sexist words on your remarks.
Put an end to the abrasive talk, and engage in a conversation that expressing your views in a more objective way.
Don't throw all redheads under the bus just because of Trump. Insult him for his intelligence and political views, not the color of his hair
Racism has no place on this website.
Please disengage in the damaging words toward others, and be more respectful.
Someone with more power and influence than you. You may not like the person and that's fine, but don't insult his race. Hate his views.
Please refrain from using derogatory terms for people of a particular national origin or race.
Guys, that type of racist language is NOT okay. Please be more respectful of other races.
Please refrain from using derogatory terms for people of a particular national origin.
Please be more respectful of people of other nationalities.
Please refrain from using derogatory terms for people of a particular race.
Please express your views without using racist language or sentiments.
Please refrain from using derogatory terms for people of a particular race
Racist language is not acceptable. Please do not use words like that.
Please refrain from using derogatory terms for the mentally handicapped.
Please be more careful with your words in the future. Thank you.
Please refrain from using derogatory terms for homosexuals.
This language is a clear violation please refrain from this in the future. Thanks
Please refrain from using that word in the future. Thank you. Have a great day.
You have violated our rules. Please try to be kinder and use better language. Thank you.
Please do not use this sort of language here. Thank you.
The C word is sexist and not acceptable. Please refrain from future use.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of.
The C word is not acceptable. Please refrain from future use.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems.
Sexist language and depictions of sexual assault is not allowed. Please refrain from future use.
The C word is sexist language and unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
Use of the slur and hate here is unacceptable in discourse as it demeans and insults and alienates others.
Just because someone is from a different country, doesn't mean they are a bad person.
Using words that attack someone's disability or gender don't contribute to understanding.
Using a derogatory term against someone you dislike is putting down those with actual mental disabilities.
Using a derogatory term against something you dislike insults those with actual mental disabilities.
Words like that are part of the reason why so much distrust and exists today!
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs. Thank you.
I'd be more inclined to agree with you if you didn't use that slur.
When you use that sort of language it immediately invalidates your argument.
It's hard to believe you'll sway anyone's opinion using that kind of language.
Please do not and be careful about referring to race and nooses.
It's very hard to have this discussion with you when you use that sort of language.
Use of the slur here is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults women.
I am unable to have this conversation with you if you continue to use that word.
Bigoted hate speech containing the "n word" is not permitted here.
Trump is President now and we all owe him respect regardless of your opposite thoughts. Show unity and we can succeed.
Please keep politics and racial bias separate.
Because the "n word" is a hateful, offensive and bigoted term, any use of it must be avoided here.
Kanye comes across as different I agree. But using these terms isn't right. Be more kind to people.
He has a ton of money while all you seem to have is hateful vocabulary.
Both homophobic hate ("fa--ot") and racism are displayed here; neither is permitted.
Trash to one person is treasure to another.
Sexual slurs have nothing to do with your disapproval of this ethnic group.
Racism (the "n word") and misogyny ("b--ch") combine here to make this hate-filled post subject to excision.
I don't think the US is known as a welcoming country lately. Canada has been doing a great job though.
The article speaks for itself, the racial slurs aren't necessary.
The term "fa--ot" is offensive to many people and so should not be used in a political commentary.
Come on have more respect for a man that has passed away and was a music legend.
He was a music genius. Please leave your hateful slurs out of our discussion.
Wow! Please do not use hateful terms regarding someones sexual orientation on this feed or any other feed.
Swimming in homophobic hate speech (including variations on the offensive term "f---ot"), these unfortunate comments have no place here.
There is no place for that hateful word regarding a persons sexual orientation on this feed.
The tern "fa--ot" comprises homophobic hate, and as such is not permitted here.
Do not use that hateful term referring to a persons sexual orientation.
Woah! Do not use hateful racial slurs on this feed.
The "n word" is demeaning, racist and offensive; it does not belong here.
Do not use a persons mental disability as an insult on your posts.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Using words that attack someone's disability don't contribute to understanding.
People need to stop doing this. Sending these things isn't a joke. Someone in the process may get hurt.
I cannot believe I'm hearing this in 2019 so sad. We all need more love and compassion for each other.
Honestly, we all make mistakes. Prime Minister Trudeau  deserves more respect than this.
Using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation.
Clinton most definitely was never my vote. But calling her such names isn't warranted either, we are all human.
The word you used that references someone with a mental disability is not the reason why good conversation exist. :).
Well at least she was cute.
Woah, please do not show hatred towards others that have mental disability.
Please avoid using someones mental disability as a way to voice your opinion.
Name calling is a childish way to describe someone's characteristics.
The hateful language doesn't really help make your points...
Language attacking sexuality is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
All of the vulgar language and name calling has nothing to do with the topic at hand.
The hateful language doesn't really help make your point
Using such a vulgar word to describe a woman shows a lack of respect.
Being disrespectful towards others speaks volumes about one's character.
Language attacking the mentally challenged is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
Removing the vulgar language will help others understand your point of view more.
The term you have used here is offensive towards the disabled community, and should never be used. Be more careful with your words!
Language attacking one's religion and the mentally challenged is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
Just because someone is a different religion than you doesn't mean they are less than you.
The term you have used here is derogatory and exemplifies racism, which is hurtful to others. You need to be more careful with word choices.
The N word and language attacking race is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
The term you have used here is offensive towards the disabled community and not appropriate in this context. You need to be more careful!
The term you have used here is offensive towards the disabled community, and can harm others. You need to use a better word choice.
Just because someone is from a different country doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you.
The term you have used here is derogatory and racist! This is not tolerated here. You need to be more careful with your word choices.
The N word and language attacking one's race is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
That would leave some to wonder what a rich white guy might be called.
I understand that you disagree with LeBron James's parenting decisions but using racial slurs to describe him takes away from your point.
It is perfectly acceptable for a parent to give their kid a little bit of wine with their dinner. It happens in church all of the time.
You sound passionate about this subject, but I wish I could have heard less name calling and more content.
You have the right to disagree with Emma's opinions but using homophobic slurs to describe her is unacceptable.
I think your opinion would be much better respected if you didn't use unnecessary harsh language.
We should try to make 3 days worth of posts without using the word faggot.
Using a homophobic slur is unacceptable.
If you don't agree with someone attack their policies or behavior instead of throwing insults at someone.
You might not agree with her politics but using ableist language to describe her takes away from your argument.
Your opinion is valid, but using hateful words that upset other people is not a good way to do it.
Nobody deserves a 'neck rope' and quit it with using homophobic slurs.
It's ok to not like somebody, but using hateful words makes you look just as hurtful as you believe the other person to be.
It's ok to dislike the pope, but using offensive language or wishing for him to be burned at the stake is not appropriate
Using words to attack someone's gender identity don't contribute to understanding.
You're projecting a false sense of superiority over someone whose skin looks different than yours
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care.
Please refrain from using derogatory terms for people of any race or sexual orientation.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
Using the term for handicapped folks is rude.
Hi There, Please refrain from using derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
Having a mental dissability is something you shouldnt mock or use as an insult, count your blessings and be thankfull you are healthy.
Lets not get into wether or not he can spell lets just thank him for his service and leave it at that.
Hey there, derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
You show a lot of hate towards each other, stop fighting that will take you guys nowhere.
Using the illness of others to describe yourself not a good use of speech.
Hey there, please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
Mocking a mental dissabilty is wrong, its offensive to others.
Not a good come back.
Hi There, Please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
I get that you are angry and that you have a valid opinion but you shouldnt express it with hate and insults thats just wrong.
Theres gotta be a better use of our time.
Hi there, homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Everyone has different points of view but you shouldnt insult other or make racist comments to express your feelings or ideas.
Please do not use derogatory language for women and racial slurs.
Calling someone names and degrading a race is not morally correct.
I am well aware we all have opinions on any things, but perhaps we should try and refrain from using hateful or hurtful words!
Please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabilities and religious groups.
It's fine to disagree with someone but when you resort to name calling it makes your point invalid.
This statement may be true, but I feel it would be more readily accepted if there wasn't any name calling!
Please do not use derogatory language for women and homophobic slurs.
A woman liking another woman does not make them less of a human being.
I don't think it is ever appropriate to call anyone hateful names, regardless if both parties agree to the same opinion or not!
Please do not use derogatory racial slurs.
Wishing death upon someone just for being white and telling them to eat another person's genitalia is wrong.
I'm pretty certain the use of such language isn't truly appreciated by other users!  Perhaps in the future we can refrain from name calling!
Please do not use derogatory language for women and intellectual disabilities.
Resorting to name calling just because someone hasn't added a type of genre you like does not make any sense.
I understand some debates can become heated, but I think we'd all benefit from less name calling and hateful speech!
This language is offensive and constitutes hate speech directed at the intellectually disabled.  It's derogatory and wrong.
Simply no need to use hateful language regarding people with disability to express opinion.
This language is racist, offensive and constitutes hate speech directed at Black people.  It's derogatory and wrong.
The "n word" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary.
Totally unnecessary to use hateful language regarding to express opinion.
This language is offensive and constitutes hate speech directed at immigrants.  It's derogatory and wrong.
Hateful rhetoric directed at Muslims (religion) and/or immigrants (ethnicity) is offensive and so disallowed in this forum.
Simply no need to use hateful language regarding religion to express opinion.
This language is racist, offensive and constitutes hate speech directed at immigrants.  It's derogatory and wrong.
Using the gender-based hate term "c--t," and directing hatred at immigrants is offensive and so banned in this forum.
Use of hateful language regarding women is totally unnecessary and unintelligent.
Hey there, please lets not try to use such offensive words when we're discussing very touchy topics guys, thank you!
The article speaks for itself and the name calling isn't needed.
Use of the slurs here is unacceptable in discourse as it demeans and insults and alienates others.
That word mocks seriously ill people and isn't funny.
No need to offend all women with your post.
Race is irrelevant in the topic of end of life care.
Your comment is very offensive to all women.
I get what you are saying, but I'd back off on the word choice a bit.  It's offensive to many.
Yes, everyone is entitled to their own opinion, but hate speech is never a good way to get your point across!
I'd watch that language a bit.  I get you don't like her, but you will turn people against your arguments using words like that.
Use of the slur here is unacceptable in discourse as it demeans and insults Muslims.
It's ok to be upset about certain situations, but I don't believe that calling someone hateful names is the answer!
Kamala may have been a wrestler, but I don't think calling him names is the most appropriate response!
I remember that guy.  I'd watch the racist language though.  You will only cause people to reflect on that instead of your points.
For someone who is "spiritual", your god would not approve of your offensive language.
Wow, please lets not try to use such offensive words when we're discussing very touchy topics guys, thank you!
Using "Ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
No wonder they want to silence your "wrongthink". You're hating on a group of people that have no control over their disabilities.
*Exactly, it's beyond words.*

ftfy.
Hate speech specifying "fa--ot" and "tranny," because it targets people based on their sexual preference and orientation, is banned here.
That word is really offensive to people with that medical condition.
Hello, friendly reminder here that ALL groups are valuable in society because they each contribute different ideas and customs in society!
Please refrain from using derogatory terms for the mentally handicapped and homosexuals.
Your post was highly offensive and uncalled for!
Some people may find your language incredibly offensive. I encourage you to lookup synonyms to those words to express how you're feeling.
Please refrain from attacking people based on their religion or ethnicity. Please refrain from using derogatory terms for people of any race
Your response was hateful and had zero to do with the original post.
The groups you're targeting have histories of oppression. Please look up their histories to see why this language you're using is dangerous.
Wow! That's a lot of hate in a three word sentence!
I think many people would find your language problematic. Perhaps choosing a synonym so as not to offend others!
Please refrain from using derogatory terms for homosexuals.    Please refrain from using phrases that attack a particular race of people.
Your homophobic response adds nothing to the discussion.
Hey! Anti-gay language is incredibly dangerous to the LGBTQ community. Is there any word that you can use in place of that?
That language doesn't really help make your points...
The mentally challenged have nothing to do with this situation, and yet they are insulted.
We must find a new word other than retard to objectify people we don't like.
Although there were some harsh words, it's nice to see Jesus still acknowledged in this crazy world.
What is this language accomplishing, though...
Even though you used all capital letters, I missed the whole point of your conversation.
I am guessing that you are white. Any person of color would consider you to be unworthy of using that word.
Just because someone is a different race than you doesn't mean they are less than you.
Im not sure what part to address first, but your statement essentially contradicts itself
Your ignorance is unbelievable. Your fear of other people is abominable. This started in the sixties, and was accepted in the '70's.
Hating an entire race or religion based on the actions of a few people doesn't make any sense.
I would like to hear the connection between tattoo reality shows and government brainwashing. Tattoos are associated with every group
It is rare for a female to commit rape. Who then, does the rest of it? I guess even you could figure out that it's men.
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems.
I don't agree with either statement, but I certainly dont see where men are currently being raped, beaten, or enslaved.
It is typical of Trump to speak his mind in public. He never  thinks before he speaks. He is a misogynist.
April Ryan is employed and fairly compensated, I do not agree with the comparison
Please express your views with less derogatory comments.
No, it's not cool to offend people based on their sexuality.
Please let other know what you are thinking but without the crude remarks.
This whole post is nothing but hate, I can't even understand your point.
Please strike out the debasing comments and apply more advantageous speech.
Sexuality has nothing to do with this discussion and the homobhobic slur was inappropriate.
Please take care to use more sympathetic language instead of attacks on others.
You say you like it, then use a slur against the person who made it. That makes no sense at all.
Please express your feelings, but take caution to not debase others.
I can't decipher if you hate caucasians or homosexuals more since you use slurs against both.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
Just because someone is not as intelligent as you doesn't mean they are less than you.
Please do not use an insensitive and outdated words to describe someone.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race and disability in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
Name calling the people you disagree with is not going to change anything.
Please do not use offensive words it is insensitive.
Please do not use offensive slur's.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation and religious affiliation in violation of our Com. Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Hating someone based on their religion or sexual preference when they're not causing harm to others, doesn't make any sense.
Please do not use terms to insult a religion or group of people.
That is an awkward comment and oddly I'm unable to imagine this. Perhaps try to describe this better next time.
Insults are stronger when you don't stoop to hateful speech
Use of hateful language regarding women is impolite and unintelligent.
Another idea is just learn to live together in peace. This poor woman was killed.
Discussion of events is fine, but try to avoid using hateful speech. It adds nothing to the discussion
Use of hateful language regarding someone's religion is unwarranted and unintelligent.
Jackson was great so I agree, but you can't say it like this. Stating facts with immature comments loses the point all together.
Some opinions are better left not shared. That, or find a better way to convey them without hateful language
Use of hateful language regarding race is unnecessary and nonsensical.
I cannot believe you worked on that street and didn't see anything weird going on. That seems impossible.
The conversation was going fine until the racial slur. It adds nothing to the conversation and shouldn't be used
Your post uses speech that denigrates race in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
The foul language used shows a lack of a good vocabulary.
Derogatory language towards the mentally challenged is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
There are more appropriate words that can be used to replace the foul language.
You don't have to agree with her, but please do not mock a serious medical condition.
I don't agree with the Democrats but stop with all the hate. That is the problem today. We need to come together and care for each other.
She is a white woman, the racial slurs don't even apply.
I like Amy Schumer, but not that comment. We all have different believes and she needs to see that.
You're criticizing racism yet using racial slurs.
Not all people think this way. We need to work together and make GAB better.
This entire post is hateful and offensive to women and African Americans.
I am a white woman that works and is married. We still live pay check to pay check. So race has nothing to do with it.
Use of the slurs here is unacceptable in discourse as it demeans and insults women.
I'm not able to understand your argument through the anti-female tirade.
That is a strong stance on your opinions. Perhaps tone it down a little and people will respect what you're saying.
Hey there, Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings
Both "fa--ot" and rampant racism causes offense to many and does not belong in intelligent commentary
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported. Thank you
The term "ret--ded," and rampant anti-semitism, are sufficiently odious and hateful to be banned in this form.
Hey there, xenophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thank you
"Fa--ot," "libtard," "queer," and the malodorous hate speech in which they are embedded are offensive and so banned in this forum.
Hey there, derogatory and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Hate speech directed at an entire Religion (Islam in this case) is repellent, abhorrent and not permitted here.
Use of the slurs and rank hatred here is unacceptable in discourse as it demeans and insults Muslims.
Hi There, Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
Even if the article is wrong there is no reason to call people names because of there political preferences.
I understand you have a point to make but those types of words only hinder it.
Trying to base an entire race's intelligence just because you disagree with something they have done is immoral and makes no sense.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex, race and/or religious affiliation​ in violation of our Com​.​ Guidelines and T​OS Agreement.​
Cussing each other out and making fun of other people's sexual orientation is immoral.
It's very hard to understand your point of view when you use that type of language.
Someone defending there friend for being gay and cussing them out because they are is wrong and makes you the villain.
Using the N word and then saying they are people too makes no sense at all.
There's probably a better way to describe him without using such a crude word.
You could have use literally any word other than that and you would have sounded so much smarter than you do right now.
Actual gay people don't do things like that, you shouldn't equate gay people to pedophiles.
Please be careful in the words you use, and try to be respectful of other groups. Your point can be made in a more universally accepted way.
I understand your rage at what happened, but the point is lost because of the cheap words attached.
Using that kind of language really doesn't prove to people that you're not racist or anti-muslim.
Woah! Please try to avoid using words that have an offensive and derogatory meaning. Thanks for understanding!
You've proven that you can pack so much hate in one sentence that litterally the point has been pushed out along with any sense.
Most gay people don't support Trump, so maybe you should rethink your words.
Your choice of words is derogatory and offensive. Next time, please try to use a more respectful word to make your point.
Freud says we only fear things we secretly want to be...
Please don't use a word like that to indicate that someone is stupid or bad.
That is clearly not what he is saying and reacting this way is showing your bias.
You sound really angry. We need to keep things civil.
Use of the n-word and other slurs here is unacceptable in discourse as it demeans and insults people of African-American descent and gays.
This mode of expression makes it very difficult to take your arguments seriously.
Use of the r-word and other slurs is unacceptable in discourse as it demeans and insults people.
Pleas don't make gendered violence such a casual part of your conversation.
Having conversations with gay people might actually help you to expand your worldview.
I just keep scrolling and ignore it.
Use of the slurs is unacceptable in discourse as it demeans and insults gays.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided.
If we put all the drug testing money into activities and mentoring for children we wouldn't need drug testing.
Using the terms "c---"  and "bi-ch" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided.
Insults based on gender are not ok
I have never been Ided for a movie.
Swine flu means pigs can fly.
Anti-Islamic hatred, oozing out of these posts, should be rethought or their authors may face sudden eviction.
Insults based on religion are not ok
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
I tried Go Fund Me but no one would.
How dare you use debase an entire group of people like that. You should be ashamed of yourself.
Here we have hatred based on national origin (Palestinians), race (the "n word") and antisemetic venom ("jewish terrorism"): all execrable.
Who you support is your right, but that doesn't mean you have speak with such hatred.
Use of the "n word" is racist hate speech which is not permitted here.
You can both be more civil. Don't speak with such hatred.
Please don't abuse people with mental disabilities by throwing around that word.
You can be political without being hateful. Please amend your language so you don't embarrass yourself in the future.
This post seemed to have content until an eruption of homophobic, knee-jerk hatred obscured any point.
Can we please resist ourselves from using very offensive words and make the discussion a bit more interesting than chaotic?
Final warning, out of respect for our fellow female Redditors we must insist you not use such language in the future. Thank you.
Your account has been suspended. You can appeal this action by emailing a Moderator. In the meantime please review our user policies
Reddit is an inclusive community, including those with physical and or mental disabilities. Final warning. Have a nice day
Please go review our user policies during your account suspension. You can email a Moderator to appeal this action. Thank you,
Freedom of speech may be free, but censorship is still part of our responsibility. Islam isn't all one type of person either.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender, which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Please refrain from using derogatory terms for people of any sexual orientation.
The left is composed of a diverse group just like the right. We can't assume one's political stance by their looks or beliefs.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation, which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
There  is no context to combat an unwarranted insult in this example.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability, which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Nothing ever calls for this insult; also, there is no background as to why the term was ever utilized.
Please refrain from using derogatory terms for people of any race or mental disability.
No one can ever see 100% of the same views as another. Free speech is wonderful and if you don't like what one person thinks, debate.
Racism , the "n word," and religion-based hatred proliferate in these posts. All are hate speech, all are banned here.
This is a very reductive way to think of an entire group of people.
While I don't agree with their beliefs, Its wrong of you to assume all of a certain belief do those things.
Antisemitism ("kike", banned hate speech), homophobic hatred "(f-g", banned hate speech), accrete in an odious mass. Neither is permitted.
When you feel backed into a corner, you should find a better way to handle it.
Normally I take the side of the person who takes the high ground but none of you rose to the occasion.
It's disturbing to me that you use a word like that as part of a casual nickname.
This conversation makes no sense! Stop the senseless hate!
You need to take more responsibility for the connection between speech and action.
Don't insult individuals with intellectual disabilities by associating them with that type
The misogyny ("c--t") and offensive bating of the disabled ("ret--d") expressed here are banned as hate speech.
This is a really disrespectful way to talk about someone who has actually died.
While I dislike the Kardashians, you're misusing a perfectly good slur.  If you're going to be ignorant, at least educate yourself.
The words you use are injurious to others so please stop those comments.
Let's try to state the facts and have a civil debate.
I see that you are upset, but please use words that are less detrimental to others.
Just because someone is less intelligent doesn't mean they are less than you.
Please end the attacks on people's sexual orientation.
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are a bad person.
I am a strong advocate for animals and hope the law handles this.
Please discontinue the malicious words aimed at the innocent.
Hating an entire religious group just because of the actions of a few people doesn't make any sense.
Obama being Muslim was long ago proven inaccurate.
Please remove the nocuous comments expressed toward others.
Just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of.
Just because you dont agree with her doesn't mean you need to call her such.
Refrain from using the word "retarded."  Many people regard it to be offensive regardless of the context.
I mean really, do you need to be that kind of person
Whether intended as a joke or not, this post is considered hate speech.
Please do not use homophobic slurs and insults based off of religious affiliation. Thank you.
That probably has no effect over you so why do you have to be so haeful.
Refrain from using the term "nigger."  Many consider its use offensive regardless of the context.
I seriously doubt your mother would feel the same way.
Refrain from referring to women as "bitches" or "cunts."  It is considered offensive by many, regardless of the context.
They have the right to take a knee and I seriously doubt anyone would want to watch that floozie than a game.
Refrain from using the word "retarded." Many people consider it offensive regardless of the context.
It's a shame racism still exists. We have much bigger problems.
I would say, "what you just said offended me, can you please not speak like that?"
I would say, "'Retard' is a very offensive term and it bothers me. Please don't use it anymore."
I have some of the same views as you, but don't have to use that type of language.
I would simply block the user. Arguments with an online troll aren't helpful for anyone.
There is no way to have an educated debate when that's all you are offering.
I would block the user - it seems to be a comment from a troll trying to gain attention.
Every action causes a reaction.
What is even the point of this post... just why
"That word is so offensive. Please don't use that term. You should not have bothered them in the first place. You deserved it."
There are more appropriate terms that can be used to replace the foul language.
Don't use a medical condition as an insult.
The name calling and foul language have nothing to do with the topic at hand.
Using such vulgar terms to describe someone shows one's true character.
Stop using peoples' sexual choices as a slur.
All of the foul language used shows a lack of a good vocabulary.
Stop using a medical condition as an insult.
The name calling and foul language speaks volumes about one's character.
Stop using sexual choices and gender as insults.
I think we can change people minds easier if we don't attack them or call them names. What specific don't you like about him.
That is some strong language, who are you talking about and what did they do?
Using derogatory terms against the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
The N word and language attacking sexual orientation is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
I think we both are very upset right now lets talk after we have both had time to cool off.
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they deserve to be ridiculed.
The F word and language attacking sexual orientation is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
It will be a very interesting democratic primary, hopefully all of the candidates run a clean campaign.
I think the way that you worded this shows that this is a topic that frustrates you, but there may be a better way of phrasing this.
Why such harsh words? Just because there are some women who lie it doesn't make them all the same.
I understand the sentiment that you are going for, but calling her that name is something that does not help your argument.
I wouldn't say mean things like that about her.
I think that it's possible to maintain an intellectual debate without devolving into harmful name calling that detracts from the discussion.
These comments are so out of control and a good example of how much hate there is in the world today.
It is not necessary to take such an aggressive stance and I believe there may be a way to express your frustration.
You should probably do some research before jumping to conclusions.
There may be a better way to defend your argument than utilizing language that presents a lack of empathy towards others.
Not everyone is a keyboard warrior. We are also not cowards or brainless.
how did that become an insult for everything all of a sudden?
There really are many legit insults you could use here, think.
A million words you can use. i hate the 'r' word used for everything.
if you cant even take the time to think up a word i cant read your comments.
There are respectable names for all of our races. we will still know who you are talking about.
Fine to make fun of Hillary Clinton, but mocking he Holocaust and disparaging sexual preferences and people with disabilities not cool.
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your character.
The way you talk about black Americans reveals nothing but your own insecurity. Your ignorance is a shame and I hope you change.
Using a word like that immediately invalidates your argument.
You should try criticizing liberals without disparaging people with disabilities. Otherwise no one will take you seriously.
It's hard for me to take you seriously when you use words like those.
It is okay to have a spirited debate, but the moment you disparage the disabled people will stop taking you seriously
I'd like to continue this discussion with you but I can't if you use language like that.
Your paranoia and must stem from some deep-seated psychological issues. If you believe what you say, you should seek help.
It's hard to understand your argument when you use that word.
Please refrain from using derogatory terms for females and refugees from Africa.
This is a nasty thing to say and there is never any excuse to say it.
Please do not use homophobic words.
I wish that you would not be so eager to hate someone who has been a victim.
Please do not use sexist language in your posts.
Please don't be so willing to use terms that have such an ugly history in our country.
Please do not promote racism on this website.
I wish that you would make an effort to meet some of these immigrants and hear their stories.
Just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they are less than you.
Your language is racist and ableist, please stop.
Hey there, homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Nothing you said has any substance, it means nothing. You can call me anything you want, but I will always be the better role model.
I don't understand why you are talking about someone's sexuality like it's a bad thing.
Hi There, Please refrain from using racist comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
There is nothing wrong with refraining from that language, there's no reason to for him to speak like that.
You should be looking up to a person who does not use hateful language towards people.
Hey there, sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
You seem to be so obsessed with this issue. If you're so upset about me then stop following me. You have a choice on what you can see.
This is a really sudden jump to violence and you should examine where that comes from.
I can see that your misogyny blinds you with derogatory and objectifying language. Try being nice before you tell me to stop being mean.
This is an upsetting way to talk about a woman's body, especially a stranger.
Alright Jim Crow, lets settle down with this language. I didn't realize people still had the vocabulary of a person from the 1950's.
These views were reductive in 1980 and are displaying a lot of fear.
Without facts to refute his policies, you use hateful insults that aren't even accurate.
I get you feel like he is a weak person, but it's unnecessary to use derrogatory terms about one's sexual orientation to make your point.
Use of the slurs and n-word here is unacceptable in discourse as it demeans and insults Muslims and blacks.
Being racist is not the way to get the GOP back on track.
Wow, I can't believe some of the offensive terms being used about people's race, political assocations, etc. it's really inapppropriate.
You're opinion would gain more traction if you weren't also racist.
There's never a reason to use a word like that about one's race, even if you are trying to make a point, it only encourages more negativity.
Calling someone a faggot just makes you seem like you have no idea what you're talking about.
That's so offensive to a person's sexual preference, please refrain from being crude.
That doesn't seem very polite.
That's no way being polite, it's very offensive to so many groups of people and gets us nowhere in progress.
no need to label people black or white etc. we are all humans and all came from africa at some point. lets leave it
What would help Western Civilization is if we stop worrying about race
no need to even talk about nazis and jews, not relevant perhaps leave off the topic please
There's no need to categorize Jewish people or call someone a name for mistaken someone's religion
perhaps reframe from using the n word is rather demeaning in the 21st century
Your statement became irrelevant once you started using hateful terms
one dont use the n word and two if there was a black person on gab it shouldnt even matter. all friends here
The correct term is African American
good response there. shoot him down, no need for the n word. lets leave this chat there
His statement is the complete opposite of what would come from called "a speaker of Truth"
Just because someone is an SJW or has a different political stance does not mean you can call them names and try and seem more intelligent.
When you use that word it is a poor reflection on your character.
While it is the policy of the New York Times to hire according to their own opinions, you have the option to send editorials on her work.
Questioning someone's intelligence just because you disagree with someone makes no sense at all
I'd be more interested in your perspective if you did not use that word.
I think that was meant to be a retort, it seemed more unreadable than the original thread. Please retype without name-calling.
Making fun of someone's weight is immoral because there could have been many factors that lead to there obesity.
I'd be more willing to continue this discussion if you didn't use that kind of language.
Instead of body-shaming her, why don't you post a picture of yourself, so that we can see how superior you are?
Calling people names is wrong, but what makes it even worse is when you bring there entire family into it as well.
it is very sad when you cannot even love your own family despite their shortcomings. You all must be very lonely.
Disagreeing with someone and calling them autistic makes no sense at all.
It seems that the algorithm on this chat is flawed, but that does not mean that you need to use those words.
I understand that you have a point you want to make but it's hard to acknowledge it when you use slurs.
I cannot take your comment seriously if you use words like those.
I cannot listen to your argument if you keep using slurs like that.
Using that word really hinders your argument.
Your point would be more accepted if you found a way to make it without using that language.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Disagreeing with someone's opinion is fine, but when you have to resort to calling them names then the argument is already lost.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
Judging someone by there color and sexual orientation is not morally correct.
Use of the n-word and other slurs is unacceptable in discourse as it demeans and insults blacks and gays.
You using a person's race as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
Someone being mean and a certain color does not give you the right to call them names and stoop to there level.
To define someone by their race shows your narrow mindedness as people act out of their perceived norms all the time
All members of the GOP may not be the most respectable humans. But the office itself calls for basic respects.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Services Agreement.
Violence does not condone name calling or unjust actions in response. It is unfortunate how many people have been hurt by the government
Your post uses speech that denigrates race and sexual orientation in violation of Community Guidelines and Terms of Services Agreement.
It is hard to reply to such an insult with no reference.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
An individuals posts are just that; their choices are none of your personal concern.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Services Agreement.
The C word and language attacking sexual orientation is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
Color never determined ones intellectual abilities.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to help solve anything.
This conversation isn't really going to get anywhere until everyone lays off the name calling and shows a bit more respect.
Using a derogatory term against the people you disagree with is mocking those with actual mental disabilities.
Using hurtful words about peoples mental abilities makes you seem like a not very nice person. You can have an opinion without insulting.
Just because someone likes the opposite sex doesn't mean they deserve to be mocked.
It's better to just ignore someone if you don't like what they say and can't come up with a reasonable response without using insults.
Wishing harm on the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems.
Wishing death or using name calling towards someone you don't agree with is not a good way to get your opinion across.
You can call someone out for something without hurling insults at them. Using insults only encourages their behavior.
This is a disturbing and illegal way to talk about an underage girl.
Using that language isn't really necessary, is it
It doesn't help anyone to insult people to implying that they're women.
Name calling the person you dislike isn't going to solve anything.
Assigning so many rules to men's behavior as well will not help you to be happy.
Just because someone is less intelligent than you or likes the same sex doesn't mean they are worth less than you.
You are never going to be satisfied if this is the way that you think about people.
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they deserve to be mocked.
This is an astonishing level of hate and I worry about the state of your life.
Just because someone has different beliefs than you doesn't mean they are a bad person.
What even is your point here, I don't understand through all the hateful language and screaming
Your post uses speech that denigrates ethnicity in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Services Agreement.
Please do not discriminate against people based off of their religion.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Services Agreement.
Please do not post racist slurs on this site.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation and religious affiliation in violation of Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
Use of the slurs is unacceptable in discourse as it demeans and insults people.
Please do not discriminate based off of religion, or sexist remarks.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race and gender in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Services Agreement.
Please refrain from racism on this website.
Your post denigrates disability and/or sexual orientation in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Services Agreement.
This post could be offensive to those with mental disabilities or homosexual people.
Even when you are making fun of yourself, it would be wise to not make fun of other groups of people.
"Ret--d" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please avoid the term here.
You can make your point more attractive to others by not using racial slurs. It makes it hard to focus on your main points.
Hateful terms such as "sand n---er" target protected clases based on race and religion so must not be emitted here.
please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
You can comment your opinion, which many agree with, without using words demeaning to mentally challenged individuals.
"Muzzie" and "ret--d" direct hatred based on religion, and target the mentally disabled, respectively: such hate speech is banned here.
You'll more likely get a response if you drop the hateful word and replace it with a proper noun.
The word "fa--ot" causes offense to many and dso oes not belong here.
Hey there, homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thanks
It's better to ad something related to the article posted instead of saying your opinions about a group of people without any context.
Relion-based hatred ("muzzie") is sufficiently offensive that it is banned in this forum.
Remove the hurtful attacks on others please when you voice your opinions.
Calling someone names and questioning there intelligence just because you disagree with them does not make sense.
The vulgar language used has nothing to do with the topic at hand.
Your words are despicable so please stop the hateful talk.
Making fun of someone's race and sexual orientation is immoral at best.
Name calling proves no points it simply creates pointless arguments.
When you express your thoughts please use more appropriate language.
Judging an entire race from one news article is just plain wrong.
Give your thoughts without the hateful language please.
Using someone's sexual preferences as a way to put them down is wrong.
There are more appropriate terms that should be used to replace the foul language.
Tell how you feel without the negative attacks on others please.
Being trans does not make you mentally ill, there is no reason to bring others down.
The name calling shows one's true character.
Your point would be received better if you didn't use that kind of slur.
It would be better to comment on actions instead of how someone looks when criticizing someone.
Use of the r-word and n-word is unacceptable in discourse as it demeans and insults people with mental disabilities and blacks.
Maybe you should refrain from doing that and not post things like that publicly, but privately instead.
Use of the slur here is unacceptable in discourse as it demeans and insults gays
You could be much more concise in your question by dropping the last part. It will get more attention that way.
Someones race or ethnicity doesn't have anything to do with how intelligent someone is or isn't.
Someone's sexual orientation doesn't make them any more or less human than everyone else.
Disparaging someone because of their race is not ok.
The video speaks for itself without the racial slurs.
Express your thoughts in a lighter tone taking out the crude remarks.
Disparaging someone because of their race or sexual orientation is not ok.
This is an interesting topic, but the racial slurs don't add to it.
Please contemplate your expressions and use words that are not prejudice.
Disparaging someone because of their sexual orientation is not ok.
Sexuality has nothing to do with good music.
Please be attentive to others when you choose your words.
Disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok.
No need to offend all women because of the vile actions of one.
Please give your impressions of the situation in a less hurtful tone.
Using anti-female slurs isn't helpful here.
Discuss your opinions in a less vicious way please.
I feel that the teacher may have been making a joke. Perhaps we should give the teacher a chance to apologize for her language.
These numbers are not accurate or based in any kind of legitimate science.  Race has no bearing on the parenting abilities of a father.
Using such a hateful word to describe someone is unnecessary.
Please refrain from using derogatory terms for females or people of any race.
You have a lot of anger and obviously feel very strongly about the political situation but your words make a rational discussion impossible.
Please refrain from using derogatory terms for the mentally handicapped or people of any race.
Your hatred and anger towards African Americans is based on misinformation and misunderstanding.
Offending a whole race because you don't agree with one girl isn't necessary.
​Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.​
Just because someone is from a different country doesn't mean they are less than you.
That racial slur is highly offensive!
​Your post uses speech that denigrates race in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.​
Using a derogatory term against the people you dislike is mocking those with actual mental disabilities.
Making fun of mental illness isn't funny or cool.
Hating an entire race of people based on the actions of few doesn't make any sense.
You could just say you dislike her politics instead of offending all women.
​Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.​
People haven't changed in centuries, people just no longer have the pressure to stick to a "normal" image and can express themselves.
He only reports things that re harmful in nature, anything not found in violation is left online.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
whoa there, homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thanks
It's an option regardless, to that they've taken the time to view your posts. Not everything warrants an essay on social media.
Obama was our president. Even without respecting the person, we should still respect the office.
Please do not post antisemitic and homophobic language here.
Please do not resort to homophobia to make your point.
Sexism and homophobia have no place here.
You can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people is ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are
The N word and language denigrating the mentally challenged is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
It's really hard to understand your perspective when you use that sort of language.
A faggot is not a descriptor for someone for Israel.  Learn to use better words if you actually want to make a point
You can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people is ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are.
Just because she said something you disagree with does not mean calling her a name will prove your point
Someone is not an "n" just because something happens with them you don't like.
Swearing and calling people names does not make a statement or get your point across.  Using better descriptors does.
This is incredibly inappropriate and insulting. Although we may agree that they are being hateful, it does not help to be hateful in return.
That term shouldn't be used as an insult, it is offensive to disabled people.
There is a lot of disagreement with what is going on here. Regardless of your opinions, you should try to share them more effectively.
This word is offensive to those who have this illness.
Grammar aside, this sentence is an abomination. We need to take several steps back and let's try to rephrase your opinion.
Sexuality has nothing to do with this topic.
I don't think any of these references are appropriate. There must be a much better way to explain what is going on. What exactly happened?
That is a very offensive word to disabled people.
I understand you don't agree with what is going on, but let's try to be constructive about it. What could or should we do to help?
This would be an interesting discussion without the racial slurs.
I think we can just use the term isrealite.
It's very hard to understand your perspective when you use that sort of language.
It sounds like a very diverse neighborhood.
When you use those sorts of slurs it reflects poorly on your intelligence.
When bills are passed into congress many people are a part of the decision.
I'm having a hard time understanding your perspective when you use that kind of language.
It wasn't so much a poem but rather an important part of American history.
Language like that immediately invalidates your argument.
I don't beleive anyone has those intentions.
It's very hard to take you seriously when you use those slurs.
Sarah Silver needs to be criticized for her support of Louis C. K. The use of anti-Semitic and misogynistic slurs do not help.
The C word and language attacking either gender or a religion is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
Stop using gender and religious based insults.
Your anti-Semitic slurs in regards to Jewish people do not make you look good.  There are ways to criticize without using foul language.
Derogatory terms referring to a religion are unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
Stop using religious based insults.
Sensationalism in regards to Muslims is not beneficial and it is quite hurtful. Refrain from using slurs against Muslims.
Derogatory terms referring to race and religion are unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
Stop using religious slurs.
Let's not throw around insults which hurt the mentally disabled.  You can still get your point across without using the insult.
Derogatory terms for the mentally challenged are unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
Please don't use that word to describe other people.
The article just shows an opinion, there's no need to lash out at words on a screen.
Stop condoning violence towards people who don't conform to your views. Nobody here deserves that.
Insults based on race, religion and gender identification are not ok.
Stop using insults to further your point even when you're correct in the first place.
There's no need to drag someone's daughter into this conversation. Stop insulting and start discussing facts.
Use of hateful language regarding race is unwarranted and unintelligent.
That word has deep cultural and racist roots, perhaps you should choose a different word to express your feelings.
He might if he wasn't assaulted by vile language.
Simply no need to use hateful language regarding sexual orientation to express opinion.
A lot of people on this website might be offended by your word choice. While I understand your frustration, maybe you should choose another!
I don't think anyones under attack in this country except our rite to speak our minds freely.
Use of hateful language regarding race is both unwarranted and unintelligent.
I encourage you both to think about your word choices, given the racist history of those words. All people from all backgrounds are equal!
Hate begets hate and it just continues let sleeping dogs lie.
Use of hateful language regarding people with a disability is unjust and not humorous.
Your choice of words concern me, since many of them have cultural roots that are meant to offend another. Perhaps you should rephrase?
Democracy and nazi politics are no where near the same.
Use of hateful language regarding sexual orientation is unwarranted and not humorous.
I understand your frustration, but in the future, please be more sensitive and try to see things from the other groups' side.
Nobody deserves to be run over by a vehicle and possibly murdered.
The n-word and this degree of naked racism are unacceptable in civilized debate.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant
Anti-disabled use of "ret--d," and the antisemitic notion that Jews are a race, combine here to create an odious example of hatred.
You using a religion race as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
Anti-religious hatred ("muzzie slime") combines here with homophobic hatred ("fag--ot"). The result? Banned hate speech.
To act like those of a race are the same is to admit to your narrow mindedness.
A more horrid, certainly a shorter, example of racism might be hard to find. Such hatred is banned here.
It's hard to take you seriously when you use that sort of language.
Using sexuality as a way to insult something is only showing of your lack of creativity
A term of religious opprobrium ("muzzie') here meets a term of homophobic hate ("f-gs"). The result? Double-barreled, banned, hate speech.
I'm glad you're not in charge then, because justice will be served without your bias.
Wishing harm on the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
You say so much, yet nothing at the same time. Your words are as filling as an empty glass of water.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to change anything.
What happened at the polls had nothing to do with religion and everything to do with politics.
Just because someone has different views than you doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you.
Your hate speech is so basic and you have a lot to say but not much to say with it.
Use of the slurs and hatred here is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults and alienates others.
Just because someone is a different race or has a different lifestyle doesn't mean they are less than you.
They can't be all bad, they survived over 3000 years of hate and an entire world war.  I'd say they're winning.
Hating an entire race or religion based on a stereotype doesn't make any sense.
Please do not use that racist word even if you are repeating it.
Woah! Please avoid using racial slurs when posting on this feed.
Stop using racial slurs when talking about a race or religion.
Using words to attack someone's race or religion don't contribute to understanding.
Hating an entire religion or race based on the actions of a few people doesn't make any sense.
Refrain from using hateful racial slurs when posting on this feed.
Just because someone is a different religion or race doesn't mean they are less than you.
Wow! This is not a place to use racial slurs.
Hating an entire race of people based on the actions of a few people doesn't make any sense.
Hey there, Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other people's feelings. Thank you
Please try to refrain from using words which historically have been used against targeted groups. Thanks for understanding!
Hey There, sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Woah! Please try to refrain from using derogatory words, and instead opt for a more universally accepted word.
Use of the slur here is unacceptable in discourse as it demeans and insults women.
Your comment is inappropriate and could be offensive to others. Please be careful in the words you choose next time!
Hi There, Please refrain from using racist comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thank you
This word has a history of being used in a derogatory manner. Please be sensitive to this in your comments! Thanks for understanding.
Is it not a broad generalization? Let's try thinking about the complexity of this. What are you really upset about & how can it be remedied?
Tone it down; it may suck but no need for slurs
Free speech is our right. But to get answers you don't go around asking like that. Just state the problem and ask why.
You know that sort of language isn't getting you anywhere, right? Let's talk about this – what kind of world do you actually want to live in
Tone it down, you disagree with them sure but no need for slurs
There are plenty of men and women to go around. If you don't like their choices move on and find another.
How is that an appropriate response to a verse? If you're not comfortable with it, just leave the page.
Lol he got you good; but no need for slurs man
That comment was so disrespectful to put under a beautiful Bible verse. Have more respect and grow up.
There's got to be a more mature way of talking about people – what is about them you really don't like?
You can disagree with them and think they are idiots; but no need for slurs man
I have no idea why any of those men would be considered for such a negative award.
Have you tried getting to know them? You can't judge people based off appearances.
I don't think calling women such names will give you a raise anytime soon either.
Refrain from using the term "faggot."  Many consider it offensive and to constitute hate speech regardless of the context or situation.
Thats not right. The best course of action is to let the courts decide what to do
Its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
They were talking about toxic masculinity and it totally exist and is a real problem for young men today
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their race (redneck) and sexual orientation (pansy-ass)
Refrain from using the term "nigger." This is considered hate speech.
Don't stereotype one person based on his race.
Its inappropriate to use the word 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race.
Refrain from using the term  "muzzie."  Some people find the term offensive and in this context can be construed as hate speech.
its inappropriate to use words that attack one based their national of origin and religion such as shithole commie or muzzie countries
Those are racial stereotypes and blatantly racist.
That language is rude and offensive
Your language is atrocious stop it
Insults based on race or disability are not ok.
You can get your point across without using such nasty language,
Insults based on race or gender are not ok.
What someone's race is, does not determine their value, and naming them wont make yours a better race
Fighting hate speech with hate speech isn't going to solve anything.
Religions do not determine someone's personality, nor IQ
Name calling the persoon you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
However bad you disagree with someone, does not mean you have the right to call them that
Use of the slur here is unaccept.able in our discourse as it demeans and insults gays
There is no evidence about what you are accusing this man for, and there is no point in naming him
You made your point fine without that racist term. Leave it out next time.
Words that refer to women's genitals aren't exactly necessary to further the conversation.
Disagree with ideas and not attack people is very possible. You might want to try it.
Use of the slur is unacceptable in discourse as it demeans and insults women.
You can make that point without attacking where he is from just fine. Try it.
I think you can attack his ideas without being racist and discriminatory. Come on now.
I don't think we need to use that term for women. We should be better than this.
Please express your opinions in a manner that is less damaging to others.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you.
"Re---d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families.
Please give your impressions without the harmful language.
Using "ret--d(ed)" can offend the mentally disabled and their families, "admiring" Hitler is coded antisemitism: both are banned.
Take out the derogatory remarks and use milder language.
"Re---d" as used here debases the speaker and may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families .
Please avoid the distressing words and use more caring language.
Such breezy use of the "n word," and enthusiastic exudations of racism, will always result in a ban here.
Please apply caution when using damaging words and rethink the language.
Both the "n word" and "ret---d" are baiting and expressing hatred, not communicating, both are banned here.
Whatever you believe, you should not find yourself in the position of defending Hitler.
You are intentionally trying to be as homophobic as possible, and I think that's really low of you.
Maybe he is ILL, maybe he is going thru a hard time - you never know what someone is going thru unless they tell you
There is no need to respond with slurs against unrelated groups.
I dont think that name calling and labeling is the way to handle this - less that more understanding of there stance
I hope you can see how much hate you feel toward even those on your side.
Opinions are great, sometimes better left unsaid tho Lets go find what his real inheritance is and stop racial profiling.
I don't understand why you felt the need to bring disabled people into this.
Please eliminate the trash talk toward others.
User 2 uses hate speech against blacks, jews and homosexuals. This is inappropriate.
Language that demeans based on race and sexual orientation is not ok
Take out the debasing statements and be more congenial.
The user states that a woman is mentally ill or slow. This is not appropriate.
Please discard the hurtful comments that are defiling others.
The user is using a slang word to refer to black people that is not appropriate.
Please pull out the judgmental remarks that are degrading to others.
User two refers to Democrats with words that can be considered hate speech.
Please avoid making statements that are discrediting others.
Both users are using mean slang terms for a black person, and a jewish person.
Insults based on race and religion are not ok.
The term used here is offensive towards the disabled community. Please refrain from continuing to use this hurtful language!
The language used here is vulgar and derogatory towards women! Please be more careful with your choice of words.
Unless you have a degree in gynecology, I'd refrain from making a diagnosis.
The language you are using is very derogatory towards the diverse LGBT+ community. Please refrain from continuing to use harmful terms.
The language used here is derogatory, and is offensive to religious communities and women. Please be more careful with your choice of words.
I'm perplexed by a whirlwind of words signifying "Come again?"
The term used here is derogatory towards women, even if you meant it without harm. Please refrain from continuing to use this term.
Humorous genitals are harder to find than funny gentiles.
A woman shouldn't be disrespected so much even if you differ on topics. Try to be a bit kinder.
Both misogyny and the associated term "tw-t" are odious, repugnant, and for those reasons, banned in this forum.
I personally am not paying $500 to go see her on a book tour regardless of the agenda.
"Re---ds used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families.
Poor guy lost his daughter, have some respectful for him and the dead!
Both racism (the n word) and uncomely misogyny ("c--ts") constitute hate speech and as such are not permitted here.
Stop the hate. I don't understand all the new gender role stuff either but I would never wish someone to die. Love not hate.
He was never guilty. Democrats used this as a political fight, and Ford was a pawn. I feel for her too because we don't know the whole story
A misogynist tirade ("sl-t whore c--t") tends to work against any point being made, as all those terms are banned here.
It's hard for me to understand your point when you use language like that.
The racial and sexist comments in this thread represent everything that is wrong with our country.
The level of anti-female slurs in this post is really uncalled for.
You can disagree but insulting someone's gender does not make people want to listen to you. it makes you sound insecure.
No need to use a word that is so offensive to women.
It seems like you are the one playing identity politics by calling everything that you don't like names.
Using that slang word is offensive to disabled people and their families.
Your obsession with Jews points to the fact you may be mentally disturbed and should seek counseling. You have been brainwashed.
By using that slur, you are alienating women who would be on your side.
Try making your point about David Vance without slurs or insults and people might take you more seriously.
You don't have to like him, but the hateful slurs are offensive to others.
Simply no need to use hateful language about people with a disability to express an opinion.
People would be more prone to consider your point of view if it wasn't riddled with foul language.
Totally unnecessary to use hateful language regarding people with a disability to express opinion.
Use of the slurs here is unacceptable in discourse as it demeans and insults others.
The name calling and foul language is nothing more than hate speech that has nothing to do with the topic at hand.
Totally unwarranted to use hateful language about people with disability to express opinion.
Using foul language shows a lack of a good vocabulary.
Use of the slurs is unacceptable in discourse as it demeans and insults the other.
The use of foul language and name calling takes away from the topic being discussed.
Your post uses speech that denigrates religious affiliation in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
You dont have to bring up his religion over this.
If two people love each other it does not matter who they decide to be with
Im sure you could think of a better and nicer thing to say
You need to calm down saying stuff like that is only making the problems between people worse
You don't have to insult him. Instead voice your opinion by voting
I hope that one day you see how ugly and awful it is to say things like that. You're better than that.
Making more concrete references than colorful ones helps to make a more meaningful point.
Your point is hindered by the use of that word.
There's no reason to use a word so offensive to women to get your point across.
Your hatred of homosexuals is appalling.  I hope you grow as a person.
Your point would be received better if you didn't use those kinds of slurs.
Whoa, xenophobic and derogatory slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Stop using nationality,gender and medical condition as insults.
Hey there, Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings. Thank you
Stop using nationality as a slur.
Hi There, please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
Stop using medical conditions as a slur.
Using a derogatory term against someone you disagree with puts down those with actual mental disabilities.
Stop using medical condition and sexual choice as insults.
Just because someone is not as smart as you doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of.
don't matter what you think, it for other people help.
I think the features are pretty useful. Comments like these are the reason why block buttons exist.
please don't use that word.
There's really no problem with interracial dating and you shouldn't base your media enjoyment off of advertising.
that is not how to talk anyone!
They're probably in an open relationship. Some people are just into that.
please don't make fun of people.
We should have a real discussion, instead of ranting about our hypothetical wives.
don't judge anyone
It's not like the right doesn't have their unhinged riots. I don't see how their sexuality comes into play in this conversation.
Not all muslims are the same.
Whoa there, Racist views are hurtful and derogatory. Please be considerate of others when posting. Thank you
The United States is a country of immigrants. Everyone that is seeking new life here should be respected unless they break the law.
I don't think it's fair to blame jews.
Hey there, racist and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Every American is entitled to equal rights regardless of religion, race and color.
I feel like you're attacking me for being open minded about economics.
Hey there, homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thank you
Just because someone has a different opinion than you does not mean they are lesser than you.
Not all democrats are the same. I don't think its logical to blame any one group for an entire movement.
People will always have different views and will not always agree with you. Respect is mutual. Respect others and they will respect you too.
If Amazon is doing something wrong then they should take action to fix the problem.
Whoa there, homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thanks
To define someone by their race or religion shows your narrow mindedness as people act out of their perceived norms all the time
Hi there, xenophobic and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
To act like those of a race all behave the same way is to admit to your narrow mindedness.
This isn't my idea of entertainment, but stop hating on it. Just don't watch it.
It isn't unfair, it's called life. God made me able to have kids and you not. But calling him names isn't right either.
Being bored and having a sexual preference has no correlation. Seems you might be bored.
Ewww goat testicles sounds nasty. But in some countries I bet it's a delicacy.
That is a bit hatful. Try love and you'll feel so much better.
It would be appreciated if you would use better language on our site. Thank you.
Please be kind and use better language. Thank you.
Please no hate speech and negative language here. Thank you.
We have no tolerance for hate speech. It would be greatly appreciated if you would refrain in the future.Thank you
I think more effort should be put into figuring out how to feed the children who were deprived.
The terms used to describe others shows a serious lack of respect.
Name calling just creates more name calling it does nobody any good.
It is interesting that you can tell a person's sexual orientation over the phone.
The foul language and name calling takes away from the topic at hand.
Why sink to there level lets raise the level of speech we use.
I like Big Bang
The show is very popular so some of your fellow humans enjoy it.
I am confused I need someone to translate all this.
Removing the foul language and name calling will make it easier for others to take you opinions into consideration.
Why bother on the forum if you just don't want to hear anything that you disagree with.
You are just as guilty as those you speak against when you end your comment in racism and bigotry.
Assuming someones sexual orientation and calling them a Nazi is not right and there is no reason to get so angry.
Use of the slur here is unacceptable in discourse as it demeans and insults and alienates others.
It isn't necessary to use bigotry and racism to validate your point. Be an adult when giving your opinion.
Just because someone is of a different race doesn't give you the right to degrade them.
Disagreeing with someone's choice is fine, but when you have to cuss them out and call them names then it makes your argument invalid.
Totally unnecessary, what are you even talking about?
Being black does not make someone useless and using the N word in such a way is wrong.
what do you hope to accomplish with your own racism. Answering racism with racism isn't going to solve anything.
Calling someone the N word and bringing there family into it for no reason other than to get them riled up is wrong.
That is a derogatory name to call someone and is very offensive to some. Please refer to people that identify in the LGBTQ as homosexuals.
I prefer the term homosexual please.
Using that slur adds nothing to the conversation.
The language being used is not necessary to get your point across that you may or may not agree with someone's post based upon their values
There is no reason to bring children in to the conversation please.
This whole thread is nothing but hateful slurs.
This slang is not appropriate for the conversation at hand. We should be accepting of all types of people.
We should try to look at each other as equals and not judge each other on the color of our skin.
You basically seem to hate everyone.
The choice of words should not be used in any context. We should be accepting of all people whether we agree with their values or not.
That's a disgusting image and a hateful slur.
Even if you are unaccepting of a certain group of people there is no need to call them inappropriate names. They are human and are equal.
Consider judging someone on their actions, not the color of their skin or religion.
That's a horrible, hateful description of the world.
Using a racial slur that mocks another racial slur is the actual stupidity.
We are not even having a culture war. Try to love more and not hate so much.
Racist language is not allowed.
You're defending a religion but alienating women and people of color.
I feel bad if her choice in religion isn't a comfort to her. She should switch, but don't be so disrespectful.
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.Racist language is not allowed.
This entire post spews racial slurs and hatred, it makes your actual argument unclear.
Have fun on Twitter because soon you'll all be shut down. Twitter is banning everyone of such hate.
Racist language is not allowed. Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
Using this slang term is actually offensive to those with a serious medical condition.
Men shouldn't blame a women for raping them due to feeding a baby. But I myself would cover up.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
You're using racial and hate slurs to defend minorities against the same treatment. Doesn't make much sense.
Yes we agreed to draining the swamp and since Trump has been draining it people cannot stop the disrespectfulness.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. Language that attacks a race is not allowed.
I would like to debate this with you but I can't if you use those words.
"K*ke" and "N****r" are both slurs and hate speech and are unacceptable derogatory language that should not be used.
Please end the hurtful language to others and be gentler with your words.
Your point would be better accepted if you made it without using slurs.
Using the word "retard" is offensive to the intellectually disabled and is unacceptable language that should not be used.
Please leave out the disturbing remarks, and use milder language.
I'd be inclined to agree with you if you didn't use slurs.
Using the word "retarded" is offensive to the intellectually disabled and is unacceptable language that should not be used.
Please abolish the cutting remarks and think about your language.
That's an interesting perspective but it's hard to take seriously when you use that sort of language.
The words retard & faggot are offensive to the intellectually disabled and LGBTQ people, it's unacceptable language that should not be used.
Please stop judging others and be kind with your words.
I want to understand your argument, but it's difficult when you use that language.
Terminate the mean words and utilize more hospitable ones.
African Americans are to be respected. They are a people of a rich culture.
Using that word to describe someone shows a lack of respect for others.
That is an unnecessary comment. Everyone has the right to do what they want.
Even though someone has a different opinion than you does not give you the right to insult them.
Describe someone in such a manner shows one's true character.
Using the N word does not makr your opinion sound more credible. Everyone has the right to do what they want. It is a free country.
There are more appropriate terms that should be used to describe someone.
You are entitles to your own opinion. However this does not give you the right to degrade others.
Removing the foul language will helps others consider your opinion.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation and disability in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Making fun of another person's handicap has no place in society. Educate yourself.
Please refrain from name calling and diminishing those with disabilities.
Your words are insensitive to race and handicapped people. You need to educate yourself.
Please refrain from name calling, profanity and racial slurs.
Derogatory words about a woman's body have no place in this conversation. Educate yourself.
Please refrain from calling others derogatory sexist terms.
Your words are insensitive to race and ethnicity. You need to educate yourself.
Please try to decrease urban slang which may be offensive to others.
Racial slurs have no place in this context. You both need to educate yourself.
Please refrain from using derogatory terms about disabiltiies or directed toward someone's race when making your statements.
The name calling does nothing but start pointless arguments that have nothing to do with the topic at hand.
You do not have to comment on this users believes just because you do not believe in it youself. Please respect your neighbour
don't talk about children with special needs in this way. Your words are hurtful so unless you have something nice to say dont post
Name calling and foul language does nothing but start pointless arguments.
please can you not just be happy for the royal couple. you dont choose love, love finds you. times have changed, move with them
unless you are going to explain yourself perhaps you should remove that offensive language. Certainly isnt needed
The term you have used is offensive towards women, and is not appropriate in this context. Please use better word choice to prevent harm!
Use of the r-word and the hatred is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults people with mental disabilities.
Your post uses speech that denigrates religion and disability in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
The language used here is not only offensive to religious groups, but also to the disabled community. You need to reconsider your words!
The term you have used here is offensive to the gay community, and is never okay to use. You need to use language that is less harmful.
The language you have used is not appropriate, and is derogatory and inconsiderate towards others. You need to use less harmful language.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race, which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
The term you have used here exemplifies racism, and isn't okay to use in any context. You need to use better word choices, to prevent harm.
Please do not use a mental impairment as an insult
It's still worth it for people who missed it the first time.
Please do not use that vicious racial slurs on posts, and stop using a mental disability as an insult.
This would be a great argument, but the racial slurs are distracting.
Please do not use that vulgar word when referring to a persons sexuality.
A very over simplistic and hateful explanation.
Do not use that racial slur when responding to others.
The article speaks for itself, we can do without the racial slurs.
Avoid using that racial slur when you respond to others.
Your post has no content except for racial slurs, please clarify.
A term like that just is just plain old unnecessary; hurtful to a lot of good people
Use of the n-word is unacceptable in discourse as it demeans and insults people of African-American descent
Hurtful terms - hurtful to a lot of good people - aren't a good way to go for a laugh
Antisemitism, the use of "ret--ds" directing hate at the mentally disabled, and the misogynistic "b--ch" are hate speech and banned here.
Attacking each other with hurtful language really doesn't advance either of your arguments
Use of the r-word and slurs here is unacceptable in discourse as it demeans and insults people.
Hatred directed via speech at: immigrants (ethnicity), jews (religion) and the mentally ill ("ret--ds"): all offensive, all banned here.
Outdated, hurtful terms don't even get a smile anymore
"Ret--d" used here offends the mentally disabled and their families; please avoid the term .
A term like that just hurts a lot of really good people
Ah, but the word "fa--ot" doesn't: it's hate speech and it's banned here.
Please refrain from using offensive language when referring to race. Thank you.
Even if you're kidding around with someone, you shouldn't use hateful language. It can be really hurtful
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs when speaking with other users. Thank you.
If you disagree so much, try using a different conversational method. People will respond more appropriately.
Some words should be censored to ensure no one is the victim of hate speech
People respect others who use non-hateful language
If you cannot respond in an appropriate way, then there is no need to respond.
Using terms like that insults a whole group of people that you probably didn't intend to hurt. Let's keep it clean
Despite how I might find it silly to ask for an apology, she does not deserve to be attacked like that.
You're hurting whole groups of some really good people with terms like those.
He's neither gay nor a jew, and it would not matter if he was.
The homophobic slur adds nothing to your argument.
The hurtful terms really aren't necessary, and don't add to your arguments.
These people need treatment, not physical assault.
I totally agree with the inappropriate images being too prevalent, but the name calling doesn't help.
There are ways to refer to a hurtful term without putting it in print...please use them
It is still a hateful word and has no place on the forum.
Using strong, hurtful terms for weak humor doesn't accomplish anything
Y'all should really go and meet some people that aren't white men.
Race has nothing to do with the ignorance of that woman.
perhaps a history point but the language should be changed for the 21st century
Please terminate the damaging comments toward others.
no need for that language, just no need, leave it please
Please remove the repulsive language and use milder language.
you can disagree but please calm the bad language
Please get rid of the hate talk and use more beneficent language.
this doesnt even deserve a reply but i will so hopefully you stop to think why you wrote that remark
Eliminate the biting remarks and use more obliging words.
you are entitled to your views but perhaps express them without the hatred and bad language next time
Please exclude the damaging remarks and be more gentle with your words.
Slow down, my friend, you can do a lot better than that without slurs. I trust you to make better comments in the future.
Being a so called "faggot" does not mean your kids with grow up gay.  Using offensive language does not get anyone to listen to you
Oh come on, you can come up with much more intellectual insults without such colorful slurs.
Using this type of reference to someone only proves the other sides point that you have no leg to stand on.  No truth to be told
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to help anything.
There's no reason to bring racial slurs into a conversation. If the QB is bad enough evidence to not do that.
Terry being called an offensive name has nothing to do with whether or not he can make a pass.
Resorting to calling others names when you are trying to prove a point only gets a majority to tune you out.  Facts speak louder
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean their opinion is less valid.
You have a huge chance here to be better with your language than this, and I hope you'll take it in the future.
I take it you don't like him by your offensive comment.
Please avoid using that vulgar term when regarding women.
The irony of calling someone racist while using a racial slur is unbelievable.
Stop using that vulgar racial term when posting to this site.
You obviously hate several different types of people according to the slurs you used in this post.
Please avoid using hateful racial slurs and using mental disabilities as an insult.
Refrain from using that vulgar word regarding women.
Use of the n-word and other slur here is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults blacks and others.
Totally uncalled for slurs, and I can't even make sense of your argument.
Wow! that speech is not acceptable on here, refrain from using hateful terms regarding sexuality and race
I don't think that you should feel so comfortable using this language.
You should get to know trans people around you and hear about their lives.
Use of the slur is unacceptable in discourse as it demeans and insults gays.
I don't think that you should threaten violence, even if it's on the internet.
There is no need to express that opinion using homophobic slurs.
No, it's never appropriate to call anyone a word like that.
I think he makes himself sound less than intelligent on his own, I don't think you need to use terms like that one.
Insulting a group of people does not come across as very well informed. Stick to your beliefs without insulting certain groups.
Using a derogatory term against the person you disagree with is putting down those with actual mental disabilities.
I think you can probably say what you're saying without using those terms. Stop it.
Using hateful language does not help to further your agenda. More people might be on board with what you say if you tone it down a little.
That's a pretty bad outlook on things and way to speak. I know you can do better than that.
Saying you appreciate any race but then use racial slurs makes it hard to believe. Don't use the hateful language and others will trust you.
That's an awful way to talk about people let alone someone dead. You can do a lot better.
Using a foul word like that speaks volumes about one's character.
There are many uses of extremely racist and violent words here. This conversation does not further any sort of argument.
Stereotyping a entire race for what a small handful does only hurts us all as a whole.
The foul language has nothing to do with the topic at hand.
This insult goes nowhere and is unnecessary.
They are different and their is nothing wrong with that.
Yelling at others using foul language speaks volumes about one's character.
This comment includes anti-gay and racist slurs.
You shouldn't call him name just because he is different from you
There are more appropriate words that should be used to replace the foul language.
Censorship exists to regular demeaning and damaging speech. Words online can translate to real life violence.
Politicians across the political spectrum are responsible for good as well as destruction. It's not Hillary, but the role of decision-making
She has done more than any of us have. We should show her some respect for that.
Woah! Please be careful with the words you choose. Instead, try opting for a more universally accepted word to make your point.
I think a homeless tax sounds awful. We pay enough in taxes. I wouldn't even move to this city just for that reason.
Please don't use such extreme terms so casually.
These types of words have a history of being used against targeted groups. Please choose other words next time when addressing fellow users!
To be honest if he was illiterate he would probably not be writing anything. Be nicer to someone if you think they have a disability.
You should spend more time thinking about the effect this has on disabled people.
Woah! Your language is derogatory and offensive. Please try using other words to make your point! Thanks for understanding.
Twitter is getting very picky about posting this stuff. I would calm down that bias or you may get banned forever.
I wish that getting angry with someone did not provoke this kind of language from you.
The language you're using can be considered hateful and offensive towards certain groups. Please be respectful in your comments.
The last time I spoke to a Jewish person I could of sworn they were human with the same blood as me.
This kind of dehumanization is horribly dangerous and opens your mind to a lot worse.
Well there is truth to that. The rich are richer because of our hard work. However, saying it this way will not help people get the point.
You should all try to see each other as allies, not tear each other down.
Just so you know, it isn't cool to call things "retarded" anymore. Try expanding your vocabulary.
Hey, I get what you were trying to say, but maybe think before using the r* word, as it is an ableist slur.
Terms like that hurt some really good people, and certainly don't show off your intelligence
You lost me there. While I disagree with you all, this conversation was going okay until the last post started throwing insults.
They know what they meant. And using ableist slurs isn't a good look either.
Using hurtful terms doesn't strengthen anyone's argument...and hurts good people you probably didn't intend to hurt
Whenever someone speaks truth, the only thing some people can do is drop an offensive insult.
This literally makes no sense as a reply to that message, and honestly there are so many other words you could have used instead of f*.
A term like that hurts a lot of people that you probably didn't intend to hurt
That is a pretty sad attempt to insult someone. There is no need to be homophobic.
Dude, you need to calm down. This is gross and really inappropriate, think about how you'd feel if someone sent you this.
The hate speech you're using shows how limited your thinking is on this subject. Please try to think harder before you post.
You have some strong opinions and people would respect them more if you used non-hurtful language.
Using the word "retard" doesn't actually address Geraldo's actions or character. It only shows your hatred.
Just because you dont agree with him doesnt mean you need to call him such.
If the article upsets you so much, then no need to comment at all.
Your use of that word only demonstrates your own hatred, nothing about the user you're responding to. It's sad.
Well for your information a black man gave us peanut butter. Your Welcome
Perhaps try wording your dislike in a better way. People would respect you more.
Your use of the c-word is beyond offensive and does nothing to actually address your issue with the woman in question.
I dont think your mother would agree with your language towards her;
Perhaps try wording your opinion in a less hurtful way. People would respond better.
That word is not appropriate. I wish you'd search your mind for a more thoughtful response.
Dont be rude
There was no reason for your comment, so it might be better to hold back hurtful language next time.
Bringing solutions instead of problems works wonders. Volunteering/educating elderly or doing our part for the next gen are noble endeavors.
Insults based on race, religion and sexual orientation are not ok.
Perhaps that's why white society has a history of soliciting its southern neighbors for dangerous, low pay work. Look up Bracero program.
I'm afraid I won't know who you mean with a derogatory label to go off. Maybe mention the team they play on, or his position on the field.
Prisons aren't segregated. All groups go to the same federal or state prisons, as they are so called, in the US.
Dehumanizing other groups based on a gross misunderstanding of science belies insecurity and need for a scapegoat.
Insults based on disability or sexual orientation are not ok.
The language used here is offensive to multiple communities of people, and is not acceptable! Please refrain from using hateful language.
Even if you meant no harm, the term you have used is derogatory towards the disabled. Please use a better word choice here!
The terms you have used are offensive to other women who are not involved in the conversation. Please use a better word choice here!
The language used here is highly inappropriate, and derogatory to women and people of color. Please use a better choice of words.
The term you have used here is derogatory towards women, even if you meant no harm. Please be more careful with your word choices.
Logically explain to me how their beliefs are any less valid than yours.
Such passion, now if you could just word it so we all could enjoy your opinion, stop hating so much.
This must be what insults in the 21st century look like.
Pedophile* and most anti-Trump people are not Muslim.
You're just all over the place aren't you.
And, all three are derogatory remarks that are not tolerated in a civil society.
I thought for once I had seen a thoughtful political discussion without hate spewing, and you ruined it.
Where has racism got you in your life
Investigate why racists fear the future with black people in it.
those people are just exercising their right to protest
This language is offensive and constitutes hate speech directed at the LGBTQ.  It incites violence, is derogatory and wrong.
you are probably bald
This language is offensive and constitutes hate speech directed at lesbian women.  It's derogatory and wrong.
Moderators should investigate why men dislike lesbians.
lots of white people are arrested but you don;t call them names
This language is racist, offensive and constitutes hate speech directed at Black people. It's derogatory and wrong.
Ban users who think openly hate on black men.
wow I can;t believe you waste time calling other people names , some serious issues
This language is antisemitic, homophobic and constitutes as hate speech directed Jews and the LBGTQ.  It's derogatory and wrong.
Ban users who hate jews and gay people
Religious affiliation has no bearing on mental disability.
The way you casually use that "R-word" really makes the vast majority of people not take anything you say seriously.
Instead of threatening this guy, you should figure out why you were muted in the first place.
Racial slurs do not make your arguments stronger, it only makes them weaker and no one will respect you.
Whoa there, xenophobic and racist slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thx
Whatever two people do in the bedroom has nothing to do with how they can benefit our society.
Your attacks on homosexuals indicate a weakness in your character that is not consistent with American values.
Hey, Derogatory and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
The correct word is Muslim. Let's speak clearly and plainly without using hateful nicknames.
I don't think insulting Hollywood will solve the problem.
There is nothing wrong with interracial couples. They face unique challenges.
This language is racist and full of hate speech.  The n-word is unacceptable language and these comments are derogatory and wrong.
I think you might be misinformed.
The word cunt is derogatory and offensive to women, there are other more effective ways of expressing your anger towards someone.
Perhaps it would be less offensive to say he was mentally disabled.
The word "retarded" is derogatory and highly offensive to the intellectually disabled community and should not be used.
While I don't condone the hunting of witches, I still think it is wrong to call people hateful names!
The term you have used is derogatory and offensive towards the disabled community! You need to be more careful with your word choices.
While the issue at hand seems to be important, I believe there are wiser ways to express one's negative views on a subject.
The term you have used is derogatory and hateful towards the gay community. You need to use a better choice of words.
Name calling is a very childish way to describe someone.
While I realize we are all entitled to an opinion, I don't believe that using ugly language is a good way to get a point across!
The term you have used is derogatory and offensive towards the gay community! You need to prevent harm by being more careful with words.
Replacing the foul language will allow people to take your point into consideration more easily.
The term you have used is offensive towards the disabled community, and should not be used lightly. You need to be more careful with words.
I can agree that people need to be screened before entering the country, but I don't believe calling them hurtful names helps anyone out!
The language used here is derogatory and offensive towards an entire religious community. This hurts others. You need to be more careful!
I get your point but it's hindered by your use of slurs.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or race in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Services Agreement.
It's hard to take you seriously when you use that language.
When you use that word it cheapens your perspective.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Services Agreement.
It's hard to have this conversation with you when you use those slurs.
I wish we could talk about this without you using slurs.
To define someone by their religion shows your narrow mindedness as people act out of their perceived norms all the time
Using a word like that immediately invalidates your argument
Not everyone has the same taste but everyone deserves respect.
Stop using sexual choice as an insult.
There is really no reason to show someone disrespect by name calling.
Stop using a gender based insult.
I'm sure they are doing what they can but no need to use words like that.
I'm not sure how murdering anyone is the answer.
I'm not sure the student debt has anything to do with race.
It's a shame you have to use that kind of language to make that argument.
This could of been any man of any color. I don't think it had anything to do with him being white.
Being a certain race does not make you scum and wishing death upon an entire race is immoral.
These bail outs and not what you think. In the end it benefits everyone in some way. Try to look into it and not be so negative.
Using down-syndrome to question a person's intellect is questionable at best.
Blair may not be perfect, we have our faults. But as a woman, she should be respected and not called that.
The justice system will get to him if he is a criminal, no need to call him names.
It is sad when someone needs to possibly lie about placing a wreath at a grave. It really isn't our business.
Calling someone names just because you disagree with there stance on something is wrong.
I never heard of Gib stickers but that other word is used too much lately. Try to explain your comment and leave that out.
Calling someone a name just because you do not like what they said makes you just as bad as them.
Just because someone is a different race doesn't mean they are not as smart as you.
Just because you don't agree with someone doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of.
Let's not judge people and insinuate harsh names, lets focus on the real point at hand here.
This is a sensitive subject and everyone is allowed to have their own opinion, but lets not use heinous language to express it.
Name calling and foul language does nothing besides start pointless arguments.
Let us try and find solutions to this issue, not show mean illogical responses as our opinions.
No problem showing your stance on the matter. lets not fall to their level with our responses though. The goal is to do better!
Please take your uncalled for profanity elsewhere this response is highly offensive.
The foul language and name calling has nothing to do with the topic at hand.
That sounds pretty ignorant.  Please think before you make such statements.
That video is awful. Nobody should ever waste so much time making fun of other people, and even make a video out of it.
If you have nothing nice to say, please don't say anything at all.
Well it turns out her support was right. I knew he didn't do anything to Ford and I'm glad the truth is out.
I'm sure you could state your opinion of Shapiro in a more appropriate way.
Shapiro shouldn't make comments like that. It sounds very immature and unprofessional.
There are more appropirate and respectful ways to ask questions.
I miss Alex Jones. I actually liked some of his stuff.
That kind of speech is inappropriate.
No diversity isn't the problem. The issue is that we need to get along and come together more. Love and not hate. Help and not harm.
Using the word nigger offers no more insight into the porn than you want to be offensive and upsetting
I don't categorize porn by racist words and no, my intelligence is in a normal range.
The use of these nasty words is not necessary to say that you don't like someone or what they stand for
Snoop isn't any of those offensive words towards women.
Her being Goldy has nothing to do with the offensive word used.
Her faith has nothing to do with anything and you don't know her faith anyway.
Bringing offensive out of date religious terms into a conversation do nothing but strike negativity and cut off conversations
I don't know what any Jewish people did to you to be spoken to like that, and LARPING seems off topic.
Yes, it would have been an insult but he insulted in other ways too.
The language you have used here is derogatory, and should not be used in any context. Please refrain from using such hateful language.
Fighting hate speech with hate speech is not going to help anything.
The term you have used here can be offensive towards women, even if you didn't mean to be harmful. Please be more careful with your words.
Overgeneralizing at entire race of people based on a few doesn't make any sense.
The terms you have used here are derogatory to multiple communities of people, and should never be used. Please be more careful with words.
The language used here is derogatory towards the disabled community, and should not be used in this context. Please refrain from doing so.
Hating on an entire religious group just because of the actions of a few people doesn't make any sense.
The language used here is derogatory towards women, and hateful towards the Jewish community. Please be more careful with your words.
You could say "beautiful woman overtakes man". No need for the other racist stuff.
That is a horrible description and not at all representative of the video.
Free trailers and spiked water. I don't know where you're getting that info but it's false.
That is a poor description of what is going on. Nor is it factual.
DAVE CHAPPELL is a wonderful comedian. He took time off for his own health and wellbeing. Nothing wrong with that.
Your point would be better taken without the use of name calling.
Wow what a way to talk about kids. Instead reach out and help them see things from a more positive viewpoint.
Calm down dude. Don't spread that negativity here.
Killing people is wrong. Now directing others to kill is just completely wrong. We all have differences, learn to embrace.
Everyone deserves to be loved, don't hate!
You're making an assumption here; don't spread hate based on that alone!
Everyone should be favor of everyone's rights! That's how this country works, man!
Language that demeans based on disabilityor religion is not ok
Everyone has the ability to be evil, just as everyone can succumb to its temptations. You shouldn't generalize a whole race.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race, sex and gender in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Hi there, racist views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported. Thank you
Your post uses speech that denigrates ethnicity and/or sex and gender in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Services.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation and disability in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
Hi there, derogatory and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Inform him about the content he is trying to bash.
The F word and language attacking sexual orientation and women is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
Try to get the user to understand that there are peoples lifes he if affecting by using these terms.
The user needs to understand some of the beliefs of the other party.
Derogatory terms for the mentally challenged is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
The N word and derogatory terms attacking one's race is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
Put yourself in his shoes and see if you still stand behind those words.
Moderators should tell user not to use bigoted insults.
Refrain from the negative comments that bash others please.
Open a dialogue about why users hate immigrants
Please don't use hateful comments in your criticisms.
tell users to not use bigoted insults
Please extract the wicked comments about others.
Stop the chatbox from displaying offensive words
Please discuss your concerns in a more cordial way taking out the hateful messages.
Moderators should tell users not to bigoted insults, just regular insults.
Please reveal your opinion in a way that is less harmful to others.
Judging an entire race based on a coupe of people's actions makes no sense at all.
Hating an entire population based on the actions of a few people doesn't make any sense.
Refrain from using the term "nigger." It is considered offensive by many people, regardless of the context.  This is hate speech.
Just because someone voted for a candidate you disagree with it does not mean they are not smart.
Refrain from using the term "retarded.  Many users find it offensive, regardless of the context.
Making a mistake is fine and calling someone stupid for making one is wrong.
Refrain from using the term "retard."  Many users consider it offensive, regardless of the context.
Being a certain religion does not make you a monster and calling them names makes you worse.
Just because someone has different beliefs than you doesn't mean they deserve to be ridiculed.
Refrain from using the term "nigger." It is offensive and in this context considered hate speech.
Refrain from using the term "Muzzie."  It is offensive toward Muslims and is considered hate speech, especially in this context.
"Ret---ed," even as used here, may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
This comment is unadorned racism which, along with the "n word" are not allowed in this forum.
Both the "n word" and racist stereotyping are disallowed in this forum.
Regardless of its use case, the term "fa--ot" is so potentially offensive it should be avoided.
whoa there, homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thank you
You should not use violence as an excuse for your racial biases.
I see how the first comment refrains from hateful speech despite having negative views about people. You could, too!
You should make a closer examination of why your communities welcome this kind of rhetoric.
This is obviously a heated conversation and there's no reason to escalate it with such poor language! You can do better, I trust you to.
It's upsetting how quickly this simple thing has triggered you into anger.
I don't understand the hatred, but it would be taken more seriously without slur, regardless.
Please be more compassionate to people who are telling you that they have been hurt.
It is not going to help you feel more safe to engage in this level of conspiracy.
I am truly saddened by the language here. I'm sure you could be concise and hateful without such horrific language.
Democrats aren't always thinking the same as me but these comments are not necessary. Hollywood is filled with interesting people.
Stop it with the offensive and racist language, its wrong and offensive to all, you should respect others.
Oh no we can't allow anyone to put our kids into the politic drama. That isn't right. But come on adults lets lead by example.
If you dont agree with the other user its ok, we have different points of view, but when you use the word faggot you are disrespecting all.
Come on that is just wrong. She isn't my favorite person but she still a woman, and one with power. Show some respect!
You should stop with the hate speech and racist attitudes, that will take you to a path of deeper hate.
Come on this isn't helping anyone. We all need to live in harmony together and just love and be compassionate.
Your words are racist and offends many people, we shouldnt hate others because of the color of skin or because they are different.
I bet those third world citizens are full of love and compassionate. They could probably teach us a thing or two.
Your words are disrespectful, you shouldnt generalize you dont know the other side of the story, its just plain wrong.
Physical violence doesnt solve disagreements, and you cant slap sense into someone
Explain to them why they are wrong and get a productive dialogue going.
Using hateful slurs is not a good way to try to gain supporters.
We are all descended from Africa, and share a common ancestor
Generalizing a group based on limited experience should not justify insults of a group of people as a whole.
You should probably look into why your use of racial slurs is so intense.
The conversation was going really well but be more careful with your choice of words if you want to keep it going.
Actually, his argument makes sense. And your use of such an offensive term towards the disabled is not appreciated.
Sexual terms are not necessary to show your displeasure in someone or something, give reasons why you don't like them instead.
That is a really vile word that offends all women.
A right-leaning voter would appreciate people invoking their first amendment right to freedom of speech
It sounds like everyone is in agreement, I don't think voicing offensive terms is developing the conversation.
You have managed to offend women, African Americans and the disabled all at once.
They are people just like us they dont deserve to be treated that way
If you had ever met any people coming over the border and seen how they were treated in the detention centers, you would change your minds.
That word only causes harm man
The nurse had the option of ignoring the man and walking out, but he decided to throw coffee on him instead of leaving. Always leave!
Dude you really need to calm down. Im sure if anyone did that people would be upset
It's a shame that we do not value life anymore. If it was someone you knew, you might think differently.
Use of the slurs here is unacceptable in discourse as it demeans and insults and alienates others
We should talk about all that has happened but we cant insult one another. It will only makes things worse and accomplish nothing
If you have read your bible, you are describing the end of days. Think about it.
Use of the slur here is unacceptable in discourse as it demeans and insults and alienates women.
Perhaps you boys might consider getting out of the house more often. You might meet a pretty girl yourselves.
Retarded is not a proper word. We have have a civil debate about this without using offensive words.
White men were not the only ones who fought for our country.
the word nigger is offensive and full of hate in our history.
Hi There, Please refrain from using derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks you
Retarded is very inappropriate term to use these days.
These homophobic slurs contribute nothing to the discussion.
Please refrain from using derogatory terms for the mentally handicapped .
No need to mock disabled people to get your point across.
Being allowed to use racial slurs doesn't make it ok.
This case has nothing to do with sexuality, it has to do with dishonesty.
Please refrain from using derogatory terms for people of any race or religion.
Racial slurs are not necessary in an informative post about anthropology.
You are being offensive.
Please do not use sexual or racial slurs to describe people.
I wouldn't mind having an intellectual conversation with you regarding this matter.
Does not give you the right to call someone that.
Please do not use hateful slurs to describe people.
While I agree with your sentiment, I have to respectfully disagree with the words used to characterize this group of people.
It's my decision and I am happy with it.
Please do not describe people using hateful slurs.
Everyone is entitled to their opinion. That's what makes America great.
It's not even worth entertaining someone like you.
Please do not use sexual slurs to describe people.
I can understand how his philosophies might upset you seeing as they are the total antithesis of yours.
Refrain from using the word "cunt" to refer to other users.  It is offensive and in this context constitutes hate speech.
I ask that you please not use this vulgar language in the comments. Please be respectful to all viewers. Thank you.
The language in your post contains offensive terms like "faggot" and constitutes hate speech. Warning!
I ask that you do not insult anyone based on what they identify with. Please respect others.
Refrain from using the term "retard." Many users find it offensive regardless of the context.
Warning. The term "faggot" is considered offensive by many users regardless of the context. Here it constitutes hate speech.
This statement simply offers no insight or cognitive thought. It is simply insulting and an attempt to seek attention. There are better ways
When trying to make a valid political point, use of hateful name calling only lessens your power and authenticity.
No need to use that kind of hateful speech to make your point.
Making racial generalizations is common in all races. Your point would be more powerful if expressed in a less combative manner
How does that contribute to the conversation at all...
You're point was quite possibly valid. However, your use of hate language lessens your power
I think you lose validity for your argument when you use that kind of language.
It is possible to get your thoughts across to an audience without resorting to name calling.
Replacing the foul language will make it more pleasurable for others to read.
Some people may be uneducated about a topic; it is possible to educate them without putting them down.
You should be more respectful when discussing other people's religions; not everyone holds the same belief system as you do.
The name calling has nothing to do with the topic at hand.
Please use respectful language in discussion postings.
Next time you post, please attempt to use less derogatory, stereotypical language.
Talking down on someone shows one's true character.
There are more appropriate words that should be used to replace the vulgar language.
In the bible it says that after the end times, we will all live together, the lion and the lamb. If you ever had a pet, you'd understand.
Hi there, sexist and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Please keep your responses civilized in tone. Thank you.
Trump is friends with lots of Jewish people from NY. He did a lot of business with many people in NY back in the day.
Hi there, xenophobic and derogatory slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Please do not spread hate in this way.
Please read your Old Testament for that answer.
Please keep your ignorant opinions to yourself
Such threats are not allowed here.
As I read it, she was very thankful for being allowed to stay. I have not read anything stating otherwise.
Hey there, racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported
Pleaase be civilized in this forum.
Woah! The language you used is inappropriate and can be hurtful to others. Please use a more universally accepted term next time!
Woah! Please be careful with the language you choose, and try to avoid using derogatory and offensive words. Thanks!
Wishing harm on the person you dislike isn't going to help anything.
Your language is derogatory and offensive. Please try to be careful in the words you choose on a public forum! Thanks.
Wow! Your language is strong and can be hurtful to others. Please choose another word to make your point next time. Thanks.
Please refrain from using words that have a history of being used against targeted groups. Your point can be made using more neutral words.
All skin colors are beautiful. If you don't think so you need to open up your mind and heart.
Use of the r-word and other slurs is unacceptable in discourse as it demeans and insults people with mental disabilities and others.
Language that demeans based on disability or religion is not ok
Everything you are saying is a conspiracy theory. And mocking people with disabilities is immoral.
I'd back off the language a bit if you want to be taken more seriously.
It's hard to focus on your argument with the offensive language embedded in your points.  I'd back off it a bit.
I was somewhat following your logic until you started using all of the offensive language.  Hard to follow your points while reading that.
To use race as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
It's hard to follow your point when you bring offensive language it.
I totally get your point about the Millennials now a days.  Back off on the language a bit though and the arguments would be better received
Insulting someone by calling them names and telling them they are cowards is not morally correct.
The terms you have used here are vulgar and offensive to other communities! You need to be more careful with your choice of words.
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to help anyone.
Judging a whole community form the actions of a few people makes no sense.
The term you have used here is offensive to the disabled community, and you need to refrain from using it in the future!
Just because someone has a mental disability doesn't mean they are less than you.
Disagreeing with someone's opinion is fine but when you have to resort to cussing and calling them names that's where it becomes wrong.
The term you have used here is offensive to others and derogatory language. Please use a better choice of words to express your feelings.
Just because someone is a different race doesn't mean they are a bad person.
Making fun of a woman for sounding fat is wrong as there could've been many factors that lead her to become obese.
The language you have used here is offensive to others beyond this post. Please refrain from using these terms again!
Stereotyping a whole race just because you don't like them is wrong.
The term you have used here is unnecessary, and targets other races. Please use a better choice of words to prevent causing harm to others.
Just because someone is a different race, doesn't mean they are less than you.
Please express your thoughts but don't use language that is so hurtful.
That's a seriously angry point of view.
Quit using the abusive language toward others.
I hear people use that word to disparage a lot on here. Not sure why it's so popular.
Please restrain yourself from expressing your view with hateful words.
You seem like a very angry individual.
Please halt the offensive attacks on others.
Removing the foul language will make the post more pleasurable for others to read.
Using such a foul term to describe a woman shows a lack of respect.
The word used here is very offensive, please refrain from using it.
There are many more appropriate words that should be used to replace the foul language.
This word is offensive to people of color, please do not use it.
Using foul language doesn't make one'a point any more valid.
This is offensive to women, please do not use this word.
This term is offensive to the LGBT community, please do not use.
Reasonable discussion should be encouraged instead of outright insults and threats, it advances conversation better.
No human deserves this kind of hate, please think about what you're saying and the consequences it could lead to.
Maybe instead of being decisive in your views, you should encourage logical discussion with those you disagree with.
I'm a Christian too and also pansexual. Nobody is declaring war on Christians so please stop. God said to love everyone and not judge.
It's OK to express your opinion without hurling insults, more people will listen to you that way.
You should realise that there are so many better and more appropriate words you can use here.
Using sexual language adds nothing to what you are trying to say, just stick to facts like you did in the first part of your comment.
This is a complicated situation for everyone, I don't think anyone is in the wrong here and the government are trying the best they can.
Provide reasons you feel the way you do and you might encourage others to look at things from your perspective.
It's fine to disagree, but your choice of words are so poor. Please think about how they can affect people.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Saying all cops are responsible for another cops shooting doesn't make sense. Try a better argument and you'll get a better response.
The maturity level is showing. Try to post a point to a topic because I cannot find one here.
BioWare is an awesome game. If you hate it's effects so much don't play it.
Charity fraud or faking cancer for money are terrible illegal acts. However it has nothing to do with sexual preferences.
That's not nice.
Commenting on a persons weight isn't going to get your point taken very serious. Try to be more respectful.
Very immature.
This is a tragic accident. But someone drinking legal alcohol could do this too. I say legalize weed but don't let people drive when high.
If he wants to down vote an article it's probably because he disagrees with it. Just like you want freedom to post, so does he.
You can use better words than that.
Be more respectful and say "Well, that doesn't make much sense".
I find that offensive.
If those are the facts than she lied. But comparing here to others is wrong. Let's not be so judgmental on everyone.
I think your point is completely valid, but unfortunately you lost me at the end when the last couple of words used.
That is rude. And honestly there is nothing we can do because the media is always going to be there.
Please refrain from using racial slurs to get your point across.
I think it is OK for everyone to be able to what they want if they can do it without insulting the other person or using derogatory words.
I don't think the name has anything to do with this, but we're all innocent until proven guilty. So let's try not to judge.
Perhaps you should find a better way to communicate your point.
You can have an opinion but it loses credibility when you start using hateful words.
Obama wasn't my favorite President, but using a word for a disabled person is immature.
Please refrain from using hate speech to describe someone.
Making fun of the mental capacity of someone is helpful to what you are saying, otherwise a lot of people probably agree with you.
They all need to get locked up if the stories are true. But we need to hold back the judgements until we know for sure.
You can get your opinion across with adding insulting words just fine.
I don't even know what you mean, but I know that is a really offensive homophobic slur,
And how embarrassing is it to make fun of someone based on their sexuality.
Sexuality has absolutely nothing to do with this political issue.
You really shouldn't call someone names especially concerning what may or may not be their sexuality.
No need for the homophobic slurs just because you don't like the music.
It seems as though you like to throw around derogatory remarks concerning homosexuality. Might want to fix that.
I'm sure God would not approve of your offensive homophobic hate speech.
To use homosexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Mixing vile words with someones religion in regards to cause hurt is pretty shallow.
You are entitled to your own opinion. But this does not give you the right to degrade and shame others.
Try to be more caring and you'll be much happier.
"Faggot" and "kike" are both derogatory hate speech offensive to the gay and jewish communities.  It's unacceptable language.
Just because you do not agree with someone does not mean you can insult them.
It is a terrible thing for us to speak this way to each other. More compassion and love is needed in this world.
N****r is a hate speech slur and these comments are offensive and rude.
Love knows no bounds. Anyone can chose whoever they want regardless of race, color or religion.
It all boils down to love and being respected. He must of been giving her what she needed emotionally.
N****r is a hate speech slur and these comments are racist, offensive and rude.
Calling someone this way is every inappropriate. Some people that struggle with mental illness should be respected.
I don't think that is an actual place.
The word "retard" is offensive and a derogatory term offensive to the intellectually disabled.  It's unacceptable language.
Doing something right and protecting your dignity does not make you a coward. It just makes you a good person.
Well being called that isn't something to be proud of. Try to love more and you'll be respected so much more.
The word "faggot" is offensive and a derogatory term offensive to the gay community.  It's unacceptable language.
no need for that abusive response, surely you have better things to do than right that. please delete your comment
This language is offensive and constitutes hate speech directed at women.  The word cunt is derogatory and wrong.
all of you arent great but perhaps lower the tone before continuing
This language is anti-semitic, homophobic, racist and constitutes hate speech.  It's derogatory and wrong.
no need for these terms, surely it cant actually both you this much to waste time posting
xenophobic and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thanks
This language is offensive and constitutes hate speech directed at Jews and the LGBT community.  It's derogatory and wrong.
no need for the n word, calm down and go do some washing up, at least something will be clean
This language is racist and constitutes hate speech directed at Black people.  It incites violence and is derogatory and wrong.
no need for that language, they are entitled to there view and shouldnt recieve hate for it
Whoa there, homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thank you
This language is homophobic and constitutes hate speech directed at gay community.  It's derogatory and wrong.
There are better ways to describe something besides resorting to name calling.
Speaking of someone in a derrogatory way speaks volumes about one's character.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding.
Using foul language can make others think that you have a lack of a good vocabulary.
Describing someone using such vulgar language speaks volumes about one's character.
That's inconsiderate of you
If you want to be taken seriously you need to find a less offensive way to get your point across.
please do not interject yourself in something that you know nothing about
His back is not wet
Use of the slur here is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults and alienates Mexicans.
If they moved to Africa they wouldn't be free
Leprosy is not a joke, the color of his skin doesn't determine if he has/had leprosy
land isnt owned by anyone, noone has a right to it. leave out the n word and go and do something more productive with your time.
factorly there is some truth here, perhaps 100000+ years but no need for the bad words
no no no, dont twist the words and find something else to do, your hatred isnt needed in this world
difficult subject made worse by your language, calm it down before continuing
perhaps this doesnt need to even be bought up, the actual meaning doesnt matter. the content today is what does
There is no reason to describe someone with the n-word. You are only making yourself and your cause look bad.
The racist insult does not help what I'm sure is a conversation you want to have with others.
Without women the world wouldn't exist. They are allowed to have their own opinions, it doesn't mean you should insult them that way.
Maybe you should actually get to know people that are different than you instead of just attacking them. Open your mind.
Use of the slur here is unacceptable in discourse as it demeans and insults people of Mexican descent.
Please try not to use such harsh words in conversations.
Maybe you shouldn't put down other groups and just learn to live with them and keep to yourself.
Use of the slurs here is unacceptable in discourse as it demeans and insults people of foreign descent.
Avoid using that sexually crude term when talking about females.
You don't have to like her, but these slurs alienate all women.
Avoid using hateful religious terms and hateful terms regarding sexual orientation on posts.
This political debate has nothing to do with sexuality.
This word is offensive to disabled people and shouldn't be used as an insult.
Please do not use that hateful term regarding sexual orientation
This is an honest discussion that is tainted by the use of homophobic slurs having nothing to do with the topic.
Please do not use that hateful term regarding sexual orientation and religion
Sexuality has nothing to do with this case, no need for the name calling.
This language is offensive and constitutes hate speech directed at women.  Calling someone a cunt is derogatory and wrong.
This language is offensive and constitutes hate speech directed at Black people.  Its derogatory and wrong.
This language is offensive and constitutes hate speech directed at Black people.  It's racist and wrong.
This language is offensive and constitutes hate speech directed at Black people and the LGBT community.  It's racist and wrong.
Using those kind of words do not contribute to a useful conversation.
Men and women should be faithful.
Using such foul language to speak about a woman shows a serious lack of respect.
casper is a friendly ghost
The name calling does nothing to help make a valid point.
people are not invertabraes
Removing the foul language will allows others to take the post more seriously.
The Who is a musical group.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults women
Name calling does nothing besides start pointless arguments.
Clearly you are both small minded enough to use such language to disparage people based on their appearance
The foul language used to describe someone has nothing to do with the topic at hand.
While you might disagree with the Judge, there is probably more to the case than we all realize, and we should hold off on judging him
Using such vulgar language to describe a woman shows a serious lack of respect.
Wow, your response definitely has nothing to do with the original comment. Please have some respect
The foul language used has nothing to do with the topic at hand.
Its clear that your opinion on Islam has been tainted by a couple of bad sheep. Islam by-large is a peaceful religion
There are much better words that can be used to replace the foul language.
Looters are of mixed races and ethnicity. Looting does not cause injury and/or death at the same rate as hurricanes.
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to change anything.
It is more constructive to state where you believe lies were told, than to yell and name call
I am not aware of spelling inaccuracies, or any display of spam.
I am not sure where you are getting this false information, and Im not sure there is any evidence of anyone being poisoned.
The use of foul language shows a lack of a good vocabulary.
It's fair to have an opinion as long as you don't resort to being disrespectful to groups of people.
We should just let everyone say what they think about a topic without making fun of them with hateful words.
Foul language and name calling are childish ways to retort to someones post.
It's probably better to just ignore the user instead of yelling back at them.
Name calling shows one's true character.
Wishing ill towards any person isn't a good way to get people to respect or value what you have to say.
We should strive to have conversations without trying to bring up people's sexuality or partner choices.
I understand that you do not like the President of France but please reframe from using homophobic slurs against him.
Expand your vocabulary and learn to insult others with intelligence.
Your incoherent and babbling nonsense isn't fit for the English language.
Please lighten your tone and see their side of the equation instead of being so obtuse.
I can see you are angry but do not use gender-based slurs.
Insulting sexuality is not necessary
The term "fa--ot" and the homophobic context here are offensive to many people and so should not be used in a political commentary.
It isn't necessary to equate someone's political stance to being mentally incapacitated.
"Re---ded" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families.
Just because something is dumb doesnt mean it is 'retarded'.
Wow really mature response. If you have a problem with the comment you could just not reply.
The terms "bi--h" and "fa--ot," shouted here, constitute hate speech and so are banned in this forum.
What is the point of saying that, just leave if you don't like it
The word "fa--ot" classifies this post as homophobic hatred. That is why it is banned here.
The "n word," and the venomous racism expressed, serve to classify this effluence as hate speech, which is not allowed here.
A spewing of both racism (the n word, white people acting black) and sexism ("b--ch") give two solid reasons for banning this exchange.
In this day when it's easier to understand each other than ever, we should try not to repeat the racism of our ancestors.
Let's not compare homosexuality to pedophilia. Instead let us build the community by avoiding slurs and being understanding.
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of.
I'm not aware of any evidence to support these claims. Faggot is derogatory word towards homosexuals, I think you can do better.
Your arguments are getting lost in harmful bigotry. These groups mean no harm to you and should be protected like anyone else.
Just because somebody likes the same sex doesn't mean they are worth less than you.
Someone clearly hurt you user 1. I recommend a crisis hotline to address your anger. Your language is inappropriate for public forums.
These words are harmful in a society where people are constantly targeted for race, sex, and gender. We should be working together instead.
I step on my brake and say "get out of my car, please."
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
Please show respect for others. Racist and homophobic language is not OK, neither is denigrating people's religion.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race and/or sexual orientation in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
Please avoid racist language and stereotypes.
Please don't use expressions that denigrate other people on the basis of their religion.
You hurt a lot of good people using terms like that
Using language like that shows a lack of a good vocabulary.
Using hurtful terms like that doesn't make your humor better - it just gets in the way of it
Abolish the talk that is debasing others please.
The name calling and foul language shows a lack of understanding of the topic at hand.
You hurt a lot of people with language like that, and don't advance your argument at all
Please dispose of the attacks on others with your words.
Hard to even comment with stuff like that being thrown around. Help us out and tone it down a bit
Please express your discontent in a different way that doesn't offend.
The vulgar language and name calling does nothing but start arguments that have nothing to do with the topic at hand.
Using terms that hurt people for a little weak humor really doesn't get you anywhere
Please purge the assaults you've made with your words.
Name calling doesn't make your point any more valid.
It is not polite to call people inappropriate names.
There was no need to use a slur like this in this situation.
The language used to refer to a woman is hate speech.
I don't think that you should concern yourself with this if it doesn't affect your life.
The word used to refer to the woman Anjem Choudary is hate speech.
You are using these violent slurs as if they automatically go together in your mind.
The slang word used for an African American in this post is inappropriate.
You are only depriving yourself of enjoyment and not affecting anyone else.
The slang word used to refer to a black person in the post is inappropriate.
You should be more respectful of the people who are spending their lives entertaining you.
I immediately disregard your point when you use a word like that.
Making fun of someones nationality doesn't encourage people to click on your link.
I wish I could have a discussion with you about this but I can't if you won't stop using slurs.
Instead of using offensive words, keep your thoughts short and to the point and it will get more views.
You're spewing hate white calling someone else hateful makes no sense.
Using words like "foolish" or "silly" is more effective for what you are trying to say.
That's sick and inappropriate.
Adding facts instead of insults encourages better discussion of the topic.
By using such language you look bothered to others, more than you probably want to be perceived as feeling.
There is a large caucasian population that loves football, get your facts straight!
Your comments don't exactly put your patriotism in good light.
Good vs evil is the wrong way to put it but you're not making your side look any better User 2.
Stop using religious choice,sexual choice, racism, and gender based insults.
I don't think using words to demean a persons faith or gender identity are careful in conversation.
At least they can still love, User 1.
Executive orders are still subject to judicial review, these people are doing their jobs proper, User 3.
This thread is closed. If your account has been suspended you can appeal this action by emailing a Moderator. Have a nice day
im sorry i dont understand all the slang
Judging people based on the race of their lovers is pretty low.
We insist that you review our user policies and avoid such language in the future. Reddit is for everyone after all. 1st warning. Thank you.
i dont understand
This word is offensive to women and adds nothing to the post.
im sorry im not angry like you
Using homophobic slurs as a putdown is immature.
censorship please
Racial slurs aren't helpful to your argument.
i really dont understand this slang
No need to use racial slurs to push your political agenda.
This platform is for everyone. We should use it to come together and stop the divide.
Fighting hate speech with hate speech isn't going to make the world a better place.
I don't know why all women would need to do that. We each have an attraction to what we prefer. Also name calling is showing your age.
I don't think race is the reason this doctor did what he did. Adding any extra negatives to a controversial story isn't necessary.
Perhaps we all built this world together but at different times.
Use of the rank hate and r-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults people with mental disabilities and others.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean their opinion is less valid than yours.
That is the first I heard that. My pit is a baby and very smart too. I would take her over any other breed, hands down.
Just because somebody is a different race doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of.
Just because someone is a different race doesn't mean they are worth less than you.
This is about good music, not nationality.
You're response is more ignorant than anything the first guy said.
Racial slurs and anti-female remarks don't add to this discussion.
That homophobic slur was extremely unnecessary.
Exchanging racial insults doesn't add to this post at all.
I'd be more open to hearing your side of this if you didn't use that kind of language.
Using that word as an insult is highly offensive to disabled people.
Good way to alienate any potential female supporters.
"Fa--ot" as used here is an offensive term and must be avoided.
The hate-based homophobia ("fa--ot") and blatant ethnicity-bashing ("spic") are sufficiently odious to cause this comment to be banned.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation and ethnicity in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
The infliction of hatred based on religion is banned in this forum.
"Tw-t" is a misogynistic term of hatred; it is not allowed here.
The ill-considered spewing of homophobic hatred ("fa--ot"), and misogyny ("b--ch"), gives ample reasons for banning this unfortunate post.
He doesn't look like someone who needs to get his ass kicked, no
Although people are pretty much allowed to say whatever they want, I think it would be lovely if we refrained from hateful name calling!
im off to bed guys..love you, goodnight crimson dick buddy
We can thank the Nazis for this its time for them to be challenged. I'm sick of them pissing all over my post.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or sex and gender in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
I feel like if everyone just took a little time to be more aware of their language the internet would be a much nicer place!
"Based wife"?  If a wife won't stand by you while someone is making up stories that have no evidence about
I'm pretty much in agreement with these comments, but perhaps we shouldn't call people names in our writing!
Is the person in the middle still running around on the floor the satanic individual please please god have it killed and his wife to
I do not believe that using foul or hateful language is the right way to get our points across!  We need to be more positive and aware!
Positive language only please.
The foul language used shows a lack of understanding for the topic at hand.
Keep the conversation clean.
Keep the conversation civil.
Appropriate language only please.
If you disagree with someone's opinion, perhaps try a less hateful response. Your feelings will get through better.
You just said your son is hot... what the actual fuck.
Some opinions are better kept to yourself, especially if you only convey them with hateful language.
You sound like your self-conscious. I bet you wouldn't say that to someone's face. Keep hiding behind your keyboard and white hood.
People tend to respect opinions more if they are conveyed in a respectable manner without hateful speech.
I was taking you seriously, up until you dropped the R-bomb. Even if you are right, it disregards your opinion entirely.
There was no need for that. Simply sharing the link would have sufficed.
Opinions are more respectable when conveyed without hate speech
This is why no one takes the alt-right seriously. You can't even articulate a sentence without bashing someone else LOL.
You can state your point without the slur.
Everyone has a right to state their beliefs.
To act like those of a sexuality all behave the same way is to admit to your narrow mindedness.
Calling people random insulting names won't convince people you have a strong argument.
Hating on an entire race just because of the actions of a few people doesn't make any sense.
People stop listening to you when you're so offensive.
The foul language and name calling has nothing to do with the topic at hand and is very childish.
hey there, derogatory and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
It's a self fulfilling prophecy if we scream someone out before even listening to what they have to say. Ignore the trolls, welcome aboard.
The foul language and name calling leads to nothing more than pointless arguments that have nothing to do with the topic at hand.
Hi, derogatory and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thanks
Pretty sure he won the argument by forcing you all into ad hominims .Just answer his questions, or else you're proving him right.
Name calling and foul language takes away from the point that one is trying to make.
Hey there, xenophobic and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
We all have someone to thank for career help, making a racial issue out of it isn't necessary or relevant. She was a good actress.
The foul language and name calling makes it impossible for someone to understand the opinions being expressed.
HI there, racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported. Thx
No one is fetishing race more than through these comments. Chill, guys. The language says more about us than anyone else.
Using such language to speak about women shows a serious lack of respect.
Painting the overweight as an 'other' to make it easier to justify hating on them is too easy. We need more education programs for obesity.
Just because you disagree with someone does not give you valid reason to use hate speech.
There is no need to spread such hate in the world.
Your opinion would matter to more people if you used respectable language
Even if you don't like someone you should use such language to talk about them. There are better insults out there.
You do not need to respond to things you dislike with hateful speech
Language that attacks a religion is not allowed.
It offends us all, not because of the color of our skin or sexual preferences but because its rude and promotes hate.
Please do not use racist or homophobic language here.
Using a word that makes fun of someone with dissabililes isnt the way to go and also those families have to struggle a lot so show respect.
The holocaust was a terrible time in history we should stop hate as nothing good comes out of it.
Please do not make racist or antisemitic remarks on this website.
Thats racist! you shouldnt treat others like that, respect is what makes us grow stronger as a community.
Use of the slur here is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults and alienates others.
You can express your opinions in another way, its not fair to use hate speech in order to express your ideas, its disrespectful for everyone
This post could be offensive to people with mental disabilities.
Trash the hate talk please and use less abusive language.
Pointing out some bad decision by a very skill fulled Force is the world is not a great way of expressing your point of view.
I understand the point you're trying to make, but I'd back off the usage of that word.  Its offensive to many people.
Dispose of the negative attacks on others and use more congenial language.
Pointing out some one without evidence is not a great thing.
You are entitled to your opinion, but you would reach more people with your viewpoint if you backed off the racist language.
Please remove the objectionable remarks and express your thoughts more appropriately.
I understand your frustration with that guy, but I would abstain from using that word.  It's offensive not only to women, but many men too.
Please watch what you say and don't use despicable words against others.
C'mon now.  You could choose a different word than that.  That is offensive to many people.
Convey your feelings in a way that is not degrading to others please.
She was good at studies. Just imagine what she had to go through.
Wow, that is extremely hateful.  Nobody should have to endure that, and your language is highly offensive.  I'd back off a bit.
Donald Trump is worse.
You should use less hateful language to describe people.
That's because the "whites' cannot be trusted typically to see minorities best interest at heart so they have to make a show that they do.
Please do not use such hateful words to describe people.
Thousands of adjectives in the world and you choose that one.
Please try not to use such hateful words to describe people.
Her religious practices and real name have nothing to do with her character.
"Re---d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families
I am not exactly sure what the argument is, I believe we can have a better debate if we left the less than eloquent language out of it.
I am curious to know if this happened myself, but I don't believe in using hateful language to get the answers!
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
I'm trying to make sense of the comments and maybe it would be easier for me to understand if we left out the offensive language!
"Ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
While this character may be what you claim, I think using such hateful language is not necessary to get the point across!
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive, unnecessary and should be avoided.
Language that demeans based on gender is not ok
While Ford might be lying, I do not believe that name calling and using hateful speech is a very proper way to express one's opinion.
Please steer clear of the demeaning remarks.
Targeting both the gay community and the Catholic faith with hateful venom is sufficiently repugnant to be banned here.
People would be more prone to take your opinions into consideration if they were made without the foul language.
Put an end to the comments that are belittling others.
"Fa--ot,” and the odious hatred in which it is embedded here, is offensive and must be avoided.
Speaking so disrespectfully speaks volumes about one's character.
Please avoid the tainted commentary against others.
Faux cleverness does not disguise venomous hatred targeting Puerto Ricans and the gay community. Such hate speech must be avoided here.
The name calling and foul language can make people think you are childish.
Remove the debasing comments please and be more sympathetic to others feelings.
Antisemitism ("all Jews are..."), misogyny ("b--ch"), and venom toward the mentally ill ("ret--ded") here form a loathsome trifecta of hate.
There are much more effective words that can be used to replace all the foul language.
Please abandon the degrading remarks and use more genial language.
Both "fa--ot" and "c--t" are odious terms of hate and banned in this forum.
Name calling is a childish response to any comment.
Use terms more people know and understand with disparaging those you disagree with.
It's OK to not like somebody but using slang takes away from your reasoning.
Try ignoring them and you'll come off as the better person.
Where somebody comes from shouldn't be a criteria for why you dislike someone or a group of people, give reasons instead.
Just because someone is a different race or disagrees with your views doesn't mean they are less than you.
It's better to be sensitive to those who might read your comment and have certain disabilities even when yelling at someone.
Using a derogatory term against the person you dislike is insulting to those with actual mental disabilities.
Trump is our President. I don't care what you don't like have more respect for our leader.
It would be more effective if you didn't use racial slurs to get your point across.
If you don't like Faceplant than don't go there; simple.
It would be better if you didn't use racial slurs to get your point across.
No just because he did an awful act doesn't mean you stoop to that level and start being racist.
Wow, nobody asked for rape and murder. How terrible is that. That could be your mom or sister.
I don't care for some of the stuff online either. But teach the kids better by not using such terms.
The term "fa--ot" comprises homophobic hate, and as such is not permitted here.
Even if you dislike someone, you should attempt to use non hateful insults.
As tempers rise, people tend to use more hateful language. Perhaps try and cool tempers before using hateful comments.
"Re---d" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families.
I understand the frustration and anger, but comments of hateful speech lead nowhere good.
When tempers flare, it's better to take a step back instead of stooping to hateful language. It doesn't lead anywhere helpful.
Politics can be heated, so sometimes it's best to keep hateful language out of them. Opinions can be conveyed better.
I respect your opinion but must disagree with your assessment of my position on these matters.
Kavanaugh was never guilty. People need to leave that poor family alone.
I think the comments make sense, but perhaps we could try to refrain from the vulgar and hateful language!
We are a diverse nation and support should be given to whomever is trying to make a better life for themselves.
The black box should clear this all up. To be honest immigrants own a lot of business especially in the northeast and are very nice.
I don't believe this comment was fair to the people it was directed at!  Regardless of beliefs it is never ok to call people hateful things.
Hate crimes are not tolerated no matter what the race, and sentencing will be handled equally.
Charlottesville was tragic. What happened and the penalty has nothing to do with race.
It can seem easy to fall into hate and name calling, I feel it would be healthier if we used better language when trying to express oneself!
I understand how you feel like blaming a whole group for what one person has done to you.
Being red or blue has nothing to do with sexual preference. We need to leave that out of politics.
I agree that the content is disturbing, but I believe we can rise above it all by using more respectful and eloquent in our comments.
Now that you have expressed your frustration for this person, I would like to hear more about this issue.
A carbon tax is outrageous. I mean we pay enough to the federal and state in tax already.
I feel like comments such as this undermine the writer!  I believe refraining from ugly language shows a strong and sound mind.
There is no reason to use homophobic language to someone who disagrees with you
Just because you dislike something about a person doesn't mean it's okay to make fun of them.
There is no reason to use homophobic language towards something you disagree with
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender or gender identity are neither productive nor careful.
Just because you don't like someone doesn't mean they deserve to be ridiculed.
Just because someone is different than you doesn't mean they deserve to die.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature or demeans one's gender identity contribute to a productive conversation.
Be considerate in the use of such hateful words - Such language is uncalled for in the criticism of others
Not all Jews are racist satanists, please avoid over-generalizations about a particular race/religion.
Use of such words insults and ultimately harms the mentally disabled in their struggle of getting respect they deserve.
Please refrain from using derogatory terms for sexual orientation
Such hateful language is uncalled for and ultimately contributes nothing in conversation other than attempts to hurt the other party.
Please refrain from using derogatory terms for people of any religion.
Such slurs harm those of other ethnic groups, and reflects poorly on your ability to respect others
Use of such language is disrespectful towards women, and ultimately reflects poorly on your ability to criticize others with civility.
You might not agree with another person but its unacceptable to use gender-based slurs against them for having a different opinion.
You have the right to disagree but its unacceptable to use hate speech.
Calling someone a 'retard' for having a different of an opinion is unacceptable.
Just because you are only aware of two genders does not mean that there are only two genders. Calling someone a 'faggot' is unacceptable.
hey there, homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. thank you
your sentiment at first was right but dont need to ruin in later on. just leave the commenting to those who would add value to society pleas
This platform is not one for hate speech. Try again, and friendlier!
and the same to you. bye bye you go
No hatespeech here, please! Thank you.
no need to bring a persons sex into it. share the news not your warped statements next time
Try again - and with more civility please.
I'd be more inclined to agree with you if you didn't use that offensive language.
may just be joking but enough is enough. best to leave the commenting for now. end...
Conversation on this platform should not be offensive. Try again, please.
perhaps you should calm down a bit and consider what you are writing you never know you mum may be reading this
That language inhibits conversation on our platform- try again, please.
This can be a very hurtful way to describe something. Let's rephrase your opinion and share it in a more constructive, less degrading way.
Insulting someone just because you don't like them does nothing for them or you
Your thoughts are certainly less than reputable; I would argue that they are quite disgusting. Hate speech aside, this opinion is wrong.
We should try to talk out or differences rather than insulting one another
I cannot even begin to describe how hurtful this description is. Do you really have that much difficulty constructively sharing your ideas?
All you had to say was it looks poorly constructed. I don't understand why you have to insult a child to make a point.
I understand you have an opinion about this, but this is certainly not the correct avenue for sharing. Please take a moment to rephrase it.
He was the president and half the nation voted for him. Try to show a little respect for what the man did
I'm not sure I've ever seen so few words describe someone in so much detail. Please believe me when I say this is not a compliment.
Dude he was your president. If you don't agree with him that's fine but don't take the low road and use garbage language like that
Insults based on race and religion are not ok
Your post uses speech that denigrates race and serious disease in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race and/or sex and gender in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Services Agreement.
Insults based on gender and race are not ok.
Please do not post sexist words.
Please do not use racial slurs against an other person.
Please express your feelings without using racist language.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable in discourse as it demeans and insults people with mental disabilities
This post has both racism and homophobia, you don't need to write that.
Please do not promote racism on this forum.
You should examine why you have put yourself in a position to be defending Hitler.
Just because you dislike someone doesn't mean that they deserve to be made fun of.
It's insulting to use gendered slurs to imply weakness.
I hope that you can see that what you are advocating is the death of another person.
I wish that you wouldn't be so punishing towards those that you consider not to be manly.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race and religion in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
Please refrain from using offensive language when referring to "Liberals". Thank you.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation, sex and gender in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race and/or disability in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
Racism and use of the "n word" are constitutive of hate speech which is not permitted here.
The level of hate in these comments make me sad.  We need to work on being less cruel towards one another!
Anti-semitism, religious-based hatred, racism, and the "n word" all coalesce into hate speech, which is not permitted here.
I can agree that we need to work together, but using hateful and hurtful language does not help the debate at hand!
Homophobia ("fa--ot") and disabled-baiting ("Trumptard") are banned because they are hate speech, please refrain from expressing either here
I think that using hateful speech just undermines the writer!  It's not worth being so hateful regardless of the situation!
"Muzzie" is a term of religion-based hate, so it is banned here.
I don't believe the President  is a traitor and I also don't believe that using foul language is necessary in the comments.
Using a derogatory term against someone you disagree with is insulting to those with actual mental disabilities.
Trudeau isn't that bad, but giving poor people a little help used to be the American way. We need more compassion in this world.
As a woman that isn't a way to talk and get a positive point across. I would tone that down just a little bit first.
People sometimes change their mind and delete their posts. It really isn't anything new and we cannot do anything to change it.
Hey There, racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported. Thx
Most Christians are very good people. I had the privilege of living in the south for 4 years and I met the most wonderful people ever.
I loved Mr. Rogers and watched him everyday as a kid.
No need to use language that can hurt people. And IQ doesn't always translate into how smart someone is.
I don't know where you're getting your information but it's incredibly racist.
Rampant use of the "n word" as well as the repugnant racism in which it is embedded have no place here.
Please refrain from using offensive nicknames for groups. Using the name of the group would be perfectly fine.
You shouldn't allow your fear of Islamic people to run your life.
Hatred targeting on the basis of religion ("Muzzies"; "the dangers if Islam") is sufficiently loathsome to be banned in this forum.
If you want to comment to someone and show your dislike, using intellectual and meaningful insults would work better.
I wish that you wouldn't be so willing to use words this extreme.
Using the phrase "stupid c--t" is offensive and should be avoided here.
Hateful nicknames for groups are hateful. You can find a better way to insult someone or show your disdain.
I hope that you can see that you are threatening real violence.
Ethnicity-based hatred ("spic") is abhorrent and so banned here.
No need to use a hurtful nickname for a group. You can show your disdain in many other ways.
I wish you would be aware that you are talking about the death of a real person.
Venom targeting a religion ("muzzie") is banned here because it is hate speech.
These posts express vehement racism, which is not allowed here.
I understand you are entitled to your own opinion but I would have to say that differences amongs races in no way predicts such an outcome.
Hurling the "n word" as exhibited here is racist, thoughtless, boorish and banned.
I'm sure we can all come up with some great examples of animation without calling names.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
I undertand you have a low opinion of the educational system there but words like that are unnecesary.
The unadorned racism exhibited here, accompanying this use of the "n word," give sufficient cause to ban this post as hate speech.
The school your are talking about may have a high African American enrollment but there is no need to use words like that.
The "n word," since it offends many, has no place in civil commentary.
I feel everyone is entitled to their opinion without being called names.
Describing someone with such foul language can show a lack of intelligence.
The use of foul language and name calling will make others not want to take this opinion seriously.
Lets not use so many bad words in a row. That is not nice.
The foul language and threats show a lack of consideration and compassion.
I understand some conversations can become upsetting but please refrain from making threats. Thanks its best for everyone.
I was interested in your argument until you brought in all of the racist wording.  After that, I checked out rather than listen.
I really don't care for her either, but I'd back off using that word.  It is very offensive to not only women but many men as well.
I hope you realize that simply by inserting insensitive terms into your argument doesn't strengthen your point.
I'm finding it hard to follow your logic because I'm focusing on the racist words rather than the point you are trying to make.
This is the kind of racist nonsense that will continue to divide Americans.
Please reflect on the damaging remarks and be kinder.
Making light of those that kill themselves due to bullying says more about you than anything else.
Please state your opinions on the topic, but obliterate the hateful speech.
Please be more understanding toward others when speaking your mind.
It is possible to disagree with someone without resorting to pointless ad hominem attacks.
Avoid the distressing comments and use gentler words.
You must be very fond of Hitler to get so upset about the hypothetical color of his phone.
Please be attentive to others needs in your conversations and take out the painful attacks..
Hate speech directed at Jews and Muslims shows insensitivity and a lack of respect, and are beneath the level of discourse required here.
The language used here is offensive to the Jewish and Muslim community. You need to use less harmful language!
When offensive insults are the best responses you can come up with, you aren't really convincing anyone that you are right.
Hate speech directed at the mentally ill ("ret---ed") and an entire faith (Islam) is sufficiently general and odious to be disallowed here.
The language used here is offensive to the disabled community, and is not necessary to use. Please refrain from using this term!
Muslims are not a monolith. Many are patriotic Americans citizens. Ban religions, and you are the one who isn't recognizing precious rights.
Targeting the gay community and the mentally ill with hateful venom is not permitted in this forum.
The term you have used here is offensive to the disabled community, and should not be used. Please refrain from using this term!
Resorting to grade school insults is not an effective way to make your point.
Calling women "c--t" is hateful, humiliating and demeaning; it must be avoided here.
The term you have used here is derogatory, and is used as an offensive term towards women. Please refrain from using this term!
Yes, let's all try and be nice.
"Retard" as used here offends many and should be avoided. "Pussy" often accompanies gender-based hatred. Please do not use these.
It's unfortunate that this has happened, but I'm sure we are intelligent enough to resolve this without name calling.
Religion-based hatred, in this case toward Islam, does constitute hate speech and so is banned here,.
I understand your frustration, but let's not jump to conclusions about a person no matter what their sexual orientation or identity is.
This post, being unadorned racism, and using the "n word," is hate speech which is forbidden here.
Use of the n-word and rank hatred is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults blacks.
Using that word to describe someone is not acceptable, as it has held an entire race back do to it's negativity.
This utterance, and the "n word," are racism, which is totally banned here.
I understand you must be upset by his actions as president, but using that word is unacceptable, and disrespectful.
Please do not refer to others using that racial slur.
name calling, what are we at school, no need for it. grow up please or dont post online here. thanks
Please do not use someones sexual orientation as a term of hate.
not cool to use the wifes account, hopefully hers will get blocked to. then you may realise that it isnt smart to troll, it hurts innocents
Just because someone is a different race or likes the same sex doesn't mean they are a bad person.
Do not use hateful speech regarding sexual orientation and race.
reference unclear but n word is not needed or faggy. explain yourself without that bad language if you want to chat
Using a derogatory term against someone you disagree with is putting down those with actual mental disabilities.
Please do not use a mental impairment as an insult and do not use sexual orientation as a term of hate.
shame you couldnt listen to the first reply, uses good language and educated understanding, perhaps look into the subject before you reply
Woah! Do not respond to posts using that sexually vulgar term regarding females.
no need for the last comment, surely she hasnt done anything to you. reframe from that language next time please
Please refrain from using derogatory terms for people of any religion or attacking people based on their gender.
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
There is no need to use such language.  Try reading the posted content and responding to that instead of being inflammatory.
Sexist language includes use of the C word and is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use of that word.
Both of you are getting very out of hand here.  You will find that you can have a more productive discussion if you show each other respect.
The N word is unacceptable. Please refrain from its use.
I may be an American, but honestly I don't understand this disrespect for the royal family.  She's happy, he's happy.  Leave it be.
Escalating an already volatile comment adds nothing to the conversation.
You are immature and are insensitive. I will block and report YOU for using hate speech.
I hope you realize it's hard to even focus on your message with all of the profanity.
This entire conversation is based on stereotypes and inaccurate judgements. Don't value peoples' intelligence based on their heritage.
Your arguments are hard to focus on when you keep speaking in generalities.  I'd focus more on facts and less on hatred.
Your post denigrates disability and/or sexual orientation inviolation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
All of you need to keep your political views for yourself. This conversation doesn't benefit anyone nor does it educate any of you.
If you slow down a bit and focus on your points instead of insensitive language you might get across to more people.
You make not like the results, but don't call others 'retard' as an insult. It's offensive.
I think your point is rooted in truth, but people are going to focus on your abrasive language if you don't back off just a bit.
Your comment is offensive to all women, whether they are victims or not.
Kavanaugh was innocent in my opinion. But calling the accuser these names does nothing to help the situation.
i would tell that person to look at like maybe she just wanted to tell her truth.
You don't have to agree with him, but those slurs are offensive to tons of people.
Kavanaugh and his family suffered a lot due to a political fight.
i would ask them if they would like it if someone called their grandfather that.
No need to offend all women just because you don't like one.
If you want free speech than you need to allow others to have free speech and stop bullying.
i would ask if the wanted their wife regarded that way.
Using that slang word is really offensive to disabled people.
I am white and I just don't understand the racism. I thought by almost 2020 we would be beyond the madness.
i would ask them to respect the opposition as they would want to be respected.
Sexuality has nothing to do with this discussion and there's no need for the homophobic slurs.
This is nothing new. People make fake accounts everyday.
I would ask them if they would let someone talk to their son that way and be more mature.
Hilary wont run again I don't believe it.
Insults based on gender are not ok.
The threats the Trumps and others have gone through is terrible. But we all go through hardships.
Kanye really needs to stay out of politics forever.
I would hope you wouldn't try to have sex with a dead person.
I agree in order to fix others you need to fix your home first. But the way you say it won't get that right attention.
Insults based on sexual orientation, gender or disability are not ok.
Please do not use racial slurs when making post. Thank you.
Use of the slurs and hatred here is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults and alienates others
Name calling the people you dislike isn't going to solve any problems.
Such a response offers no insight into the question at hand and elicits no legitimate responses to the issue at hand
The use of this language only make you seem an angry bitter person with no real thoughts or opinions just deragatory comments
This response offers no insight into the person's opinion on the subject at hand.  Such comments are not worth the time
There is no purpose served by referring to someone's place of worship in such a manner.
The descriptive terms only offer the insight that you disagree with their points of view but offers no real insights as to why
Nobody will take your arguments seriously if you express them in a hateful manner.
Use of the slurs and hatred here is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults Muslims.
Hating an entire religious group based on the actions of a few people doesn't make any sense.
Please refrain from using derogatory terms for mentally handicapped people
Using a derogatory term against the people you disagree with puts down the people with actual mental disabilities.
"Re---d" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families .
Cats cannot speak English, but the nonverbal communication with them is impressive. My dog and I also share the nonverbal vibes.
The federal laws always overpower state laws too. Not everyone wants the death penalty but I admit this was a heartless act.
Adding the word "fa--ot" to this venomous word-soup is not allowed--because it is a term of hate.
DeviantArt is actually a great place to find unique stuff. If you're not into the scary stuff just skip over it.
Both the use of the "n word," and the spewing of barefaced racism, are hate speech, and hate speech is banned here.
As a white woman married to a dark skinned Hispanic I'll tell you why I married him; I love him. I see no color.
The hate term "fa--ot" as used here causes offense to many and so does not belong in this forum.
These negative names to prove a point doesn't get anyone anywhere.
Those terms are offensive.  Please don't speak that way around me.
This is an obscene thing to say about a total stranger.
A person's ethnicity is not related to their behavior. , Please don't degrade people based on gender, ethnicity or sexual orientation.
None of this is appropriate conversation and if you said this in public you would horrify people.
There are more appropriate ways to express your opinion.  I find it offensive to use the terms, cunt and to talk about people's weight.
I wish that you wouldn't talk about other people so disrespectfully.
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to help solve any problems.
The term faggot is offensive. One acceptable alternative would be gay.
You should try to show more compassion for people in this situation.
This thread would be better off if you aired your grievances instead of name-calling.
It is very rude to not only assume ssomeone's sexual orientation, but to also use such misogynistic words.
It's rather hard to understand what you're talking about, and name-calling gets us nowhere.
Using language like that can be very hurtful to those who are mentally disabled, please think about how your language effects others.
I can't get the point of this conversation. It sounds like you all think that Orthodox Jews are communists. Please clarify.
It is not acceptable to say such things based on a person's religion
The church is protecting its own, which it had done before and will do again. As for the news people, they are supposed to remain impartial.
Slurs based on a person's sexuality are unacceptable and hurtful to others.
It is such a sad thing that you revert to name-calling rather than a real discussion. 2020 will be a very exciting time politically.
attacking someone using words that attack sexual preference and mental disability can be very hurtful and in not acceptable
I hope that you can see that you are advocating illegal violence.
There is no reason to use a word like this and there are many alternatives that you could use.
This is bordering on an obsession and cannot be healthy for you.
There is no place for a word like this in such a commonplace conversation.
There is no need to use contemptuous names against a race, it shows how bad you are, not that race.
Use of the n-word and hate is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults blacks.
they being black does not mean they are less smart than you are, its simple logic.
It's not rational to choose for your vote based on the race, you dont seem to know how to conclude based on reasons.
Race does not determine the value of a person, thus no reason to use the word for the whole race.
Your words are offensive so resort to more accommodating ones to express your views.
Please express your beliefs in a more positive way not offending others.
Apply less damaging text to your conversations please.
Such hatred is detrimental, so please avoid those words.
Damaging language is very hurtful, so please end it.
public slander about religious views are prohibited
It's insensitive to use a that language.
I think you can refer to people of Polish descent properly without going to that level of hate.
opinions and points can be made without profanity or slander
While I believe people should do so legally, it should be an honor that people choose the UK to live their lives.
derogatory remarks will not be permitted.
There are lots of people with disabilities that work among us and do fantastic jobs. You shouldn't assume or use that now offensive word.
constructive debates do not contain derogatory comments
That word is offensive because it was associated with institutionalizing anyone with even mild disabilities.
That's beyond inappropriate and I think you might be able to clean it up.
racial comments are slander
My mother used to say that word is a curse word. She'd wash our mouths out with soap if used. That was decades ago. Now it's more hurtful.
Refrain from using the word "cunt" especially toward women.  Many find it offensive regardless of the context.
Refrain from using the term "nigger."  In this context, this is hate speech.
Refrain from using the terms "whore" and "nigger."  This post is offensive and considered hate speech.
Refrain from using the term "retard" or variations of the word. Many consider the word to be offensive regardless of the context.
The term "spic" is considered offensive and hate speech. Refrain these type of posts in the future.
Use of the slur here is unacceptable in discourse as it demeans and insults people of Hispanic descent.
All religions have questionable practices. Christianity isn't exactly peaceful either in history. There's good and evil in every sect.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race and religion, which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
There's really nothing to combat just a hurled one word insult lacking context.
Sexual misconduct needs reevaluation, there are too many questionable practices in law. Too many people have been falsely accused or ignored
Love is love, and even people with a past filled with mistakes deserve love.
​Your post uses speech that denigrates race and sexual orientation in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.​
Ford sells more vehicles than Chevy regardless, even though other brands sell more options.
That is such an immature word to use. Lets be adults
Please obliterate the phrases that are aggressive to others.
People won't listen to you if you're only going to call names.
Using that language just stoops to his level. Be better than him
Please replace the aggressions with more objective comments.
You sound so uneducated when you talk like that. If you want people to take you seriously don't talk like that.
Eliminate the hurtful words and express your opinions with more discretion please.
Use less offensive labels on people and you might get someone to listen.
I hope you realize how ridiculous you sound. I don't even know what you're saying because you're throwing such immature words in.
Please phrase your concerns in a more positive way.
You're stereotyping entire groups that probably have nothing to do with the issue.
Refrain from using the term "cunt."  Many people find it offensive regardless of the context.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Hi there, please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
Refrain from using the term "retarded."  Many people find it offensive regardless of the context.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Refrain from using the word "nigger."  Many find it offensive and to be hate speech.
I wish you would show more compassion toward someone who is telling you she is a victim of a crime.
A lot of women would agree with you until you start using slurs against them.
I wish that you wouldn't use words like this only to insult people you don't like.
That term is offensive to disabled people and shouldn't be used.
You need to be more openminded that people who are not of your race can have value.
This was a great discussion until the use to anti-female slurs.
I hope you can see that you are responding this to the death of an innocent human being.
This is a sad case. The racial slurs aren't needed.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race and/or religious affiliation in violation of our Com. Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
Comments judging people based on their national origin, religion or race will not be tolerated.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race and religious affiliation in violation of our Com. Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
Please do not make racist comments that judge people's religions.
Islamophobia and sexism is not a good idea on this website.
Please do not make racist remarks here.
This is remarkably dismissive of an entire group of people.
This language is offensive and constitutes hate speech directed at the intellectually disabled and immmigrants.  Its derogatory and wrong.
There are more appropriate terms that should be used to replace the name calling.
I don't know why you think it's okay to use a word like that.
Using a term like that to describe women shows a lack of respect.
You are depriving yourself of some really good media because of your biases.
This language is offensive and constitutes hate speech directed at the gay community.  Its derogatory and wrong.
Using terms like that to describe others shows a lack of tolerance for others.
I hope that you can see how you are treating even people who try to support you.
This language is offensive and constitutes hate speech directed at Black people.  Calling someone a n*****r is derogatory and wrong.
Stick to your own beliefs without dismissing somebody else.
Please refrain from using derogatory terms for females and the mentally handicapped.
One thing I agree on is twitter not protecting anyone. They are coming down hard on those who comment like you are. Have more respect.
Sounds like an insecure comment.
Come on comparing any American issues to immigrate issues isn't right. The immigrants are suffering and coming to us for help.
Your opinion is immature and does not hold any value.
Hilter not only gassed them he did much more to torture them first. Sexual orientation has nothing to do with evil actions.
Are you?
Be more respectful to people.
That's very insensitive.
Please refrain from attacking people for their race or using derogatory terms for people of any race.
You all don't understand history. African Americans were the ones to build this country with their bare hands.
Some of the language on this coversation could have been used a little differently. The language used can be taken offensively.
Your language is offensive and derogatory. Next time, please opt for a more universally accepted word! Thanks.
dont bring race into it, in has no barring on the matter. perhaps explain why you think that, with good language of course
This language goes against our terms and conditions as offensive language please refrain from using this language.
Your language is strong and can be offensive to others, given the historical context. Please choose more universally accepted terms!
please just dont reply if you dont like what you see. no one forced you to watch it
This language is very offensive and should not be used.  Please refrain from using it.
Please use more universally accepted words, and refrain from using inflammatory and offensive language!
wow harsh on so many levels. perhaps next time express your opinion with better language
Please refrain from words with such a strong and derogatory meaning. Instead, opt for a more universally accepted word. Thanks!
Your toxic comments contribute nothing. If people could civilly disagree then the conversation would be better.
Donald Trump is white... And is actually making many positive changes even amidst the lies spread about him on a daily basis
They are women. That is what happens every month. Get used to it and respect it. It is called biology.
Twat is a derogatory term for women, and should not be used to describe one.
Menstrual blood is actually incredibly clean...
You can disagree without disparaging the disabled who have nothing to do with this. That is the lamest most overused insult of all time.
No one should be referred to as "retarded" because it is derogatory to people with mental issues.
Maybe you should educate him instead of hurling obscenities at him for being ignorant.
Maybe you should not say it at all. It only makes you sound like a closed-minded bigot. Maybe you are, but you shouldn't say it anyway.
A racial slur should not be used a descriptor for a person of a certain race.
Maybe you should just use more appropriate words, and you won't have to be so worried about being censored...
Other groups are not the problem. We can work together to solve our issues. Your hatred only isolates you from society.
"Faggot" is a derogatory term for gays and should not be used to describe someone. The term Jew here seems to be used in a negative context.
Yo, calm down just a little bit. What is actually so bad about Nikki Haley? She's been a solid Republican.
Maybe she just had a cold. We all get sick. Still no reason for such hate.
Look I agree he was never guilty and what the writer did was wrong. But to get that point heard you cannot spread all this hate.
That was so unnecessary. Try to hold back hurtful comments.
I wasn't aware that a sexual preference had a face. We all new more compassion in this world.
No we do not need to go back to that. We need to help one another and love our neighbors. That will fix this hateful nation.
Our race and heritage has nothing to do with this. Stick to a point next time.
You could have said you don't agree without offending several groups of people.
I hate sagging. I heard many towns are ticketing people who do this.
Funny, but hateful and unnecessary.
People need to stop belittling each other. If you don't like the parade don't watch or attend; simple.
Mocking disabilities is not funny at all.
Both sides can be racist that's a fact. But we shouldn't be. Together we can get so much done.
It's an offensive word whether you believe it or not.
If you don't want to hear it then just mute it, I agree.
The homophobic slur isn't necessary. Just go ahead and press mute.
Please do not imply that a white person would have to be retarded to support the Jews and Israel. There are better ways to phrase it.
Please do not use derogatory terms for females.
Please refrain from using derogatory terms for any particular race.
Please refrain from using derogatory terms for females even when referring to a male.
The C word and language attacking women is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
This is a violation of our rules. Please refrain being unkind and hateful. Thank you.
Please refrain from bad language usage.Thank you.
Please watch your language usage. Thank you.
Please be kind and use better language. Thank you
Please be kinder and use better language. you are in violation of the rules. Thank you.
There is no need to describe a person using that word.  It is not necessary when there are better more effective terms.
Your words are very derogatory and offensive to an entire group of people as well as other members of society.
Using the C word does not even describe what you are getting at.  The definition does not fit, it describes a body part not a trait.
I'm sure that your education and language is broader than what you are displaying today.
It would serve you best to display your superiority first by using less offensive language.
Just because someone shares a different opinion than you, it doesn't make them any less intelligent.
Used in the right way the word gay has a different message but it has begun to only symbolize a lifestyle.
This conversation would flow much better if everyone showed respect for others opinions.
Such gratuitous use of the "n word" is sufficiently offensive to warrant being banned here.
Using the "c--t" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
The term "fa--ot" because it targets hatred based on sexual preference, is banned in this forum.
The tern "f-g" and the "n word" are abhorrent and offensive; hence they are banned in this forum.
Name calling the person you disagree with doesn't solve anything.
No need to use hateful language regarding women to express opinion.
Hating an entire religion just because of the actions of a few people doesn't make any sense.
Use of hateful language to insult someone's religion is unwarranted.
Use of the slurs and hate is unacceptable in discourse as it demeans and insults the other.
Name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to accomplish anything.
Use of hateful language regarding women is unnecessary and unintelligent.
Use of hateful language regarding sexual orientation is unjust and not humorous.
Explain why you feel a certain way instead of going straight for insults.
you are not doing anything to refute all those assertions, in fact your direct response only serves to confirm them
I would not have unmuted you because of the language you use, be a better human
Show your intelligence by using better words to describe people.
Who?  Please let me know by using a name, I am trying to follow along but everything is very vulgar.
What you wrote following the link makes it less likely for someone to read the story and form an opinion.
I know you are trying to be funny, but let's raise the discourse somewhat,
I know it's hard to discuss these sensitive topics, but it's far more productive to leave out the hateful phrases to make your points.
How about we all step back and review our world view and determine why we seem to be filled with hate and why we blame others.
you are entitled to your views but please dont use bad language it only fuels hatred
didnt even see the statement but that is a terrible generalisation that is un called for. please delete and leave
no need to comment, if you dont like it just dont read it.
could say the same to you. why comment, it isnt going to help anyone. time to stick up for others not put them down
Racial slurs do not help to get your political point across.
He being black does not mean you can use contemptuous names to describe him just because you dont agree with his policies.
This was a good argument until the racial slurs started flying.
Insults based on race are not ok
You being white wont make you a better sub-species as you called it.
You're calling for fairness and respect, yet using racial slurs in your post.
contemptuous names wont make you right or better than the one you are referring
I hope you don't teach your children those homophobic slurs.
Everyone is free and has the right to choose their gender, and your gender wont be more valuable for not being the same.
Your post doesn't have anything to do with the conversation and is offensive to several groups of people.
Insults based on disability or sexual orientation are not ok
Using contemptuous names about genders wont make you a better person and wont help you to conclude your conclusions.
Christians have many different denominations and mine sure isn't evil. This feed shows how much we all need to stop hating and come together
You can express yourself freely without the use of such insults. Getting along and respecting everyone makes the community a happy place:)
I agree that respect could of prevented all of this. Remember respect comes even now as we discuss it, she's still a woman.
The over use of profanity and insults has caused unwanted stress on the rest of us. If you can't express yourself intelligently, don't.
Calling someone a name like that will not draw positive attention. Your position gets lost and people focus on the negative.
NA
No, more like it makes her look like a disgraceful woman. Who should not act that way.
That is such a disgusting word. I know you can come up with something smarter to use instead.
Our free speech today is being attacked more than ever. Hatred cannot be tolerated but we also need to stop being so sensitive.
While I respect you option as we all should, you shouldn't sound so angry.
I think you should spend less of your energy looking for Jewish conspiracy.
Antisemitism ("jew censorship") and homophobia ("fa--ot") combine to cause these comments to be banned as hate speech.
You should consider why you would say something like this specifically to upset people.
Racism is hate speech, which is impermissible in this forum.
This is a horrible thing to say about anyone, even someone that you dislike.
Hate-filled speech, which chooses targets based on sexual expression and gender identity, is out of bounds here, so banned.
It must take so much out of you to generate this level of hate for other people.
"Re---ded" may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families; religion-based hatred is similarly offensive, both are banned.
Please avoid using that hateful anti lgbt term on your posts.
Please do not use derogatory homophobic slurs.
The term you have used here was not necessary, and is derogatory towards the gay community. Please use a better choice of words.
Please avoid using hateful anti Semitic slurs and sexually vulgar terms.
Please do not use derogatory language against religious groups. Please do not use derogatory language for women.
The language you have used here is vulgar, and can be offensive towards women. Please refrain from using such harmful language.
Stop referring to females by using that sexually vulgar term.
Please do not use derogatory words for women.
The terms you have used here are derogatory towards other women, and should not be used. Please practice a better choice of words.
Do not use that hateful term regarding a persons sexual orientation.
Please do not use derogatory language for women or homophobic phrases.
The terms you have used here are derogatory towards the LGBT+ community, and are harmful. Please use less harmful language!
Refrain from using the word "cunt".  Many people find it offensive regardless of the context.
Refrain from using the terms "nigger" and "trannie."  These are considered offensive and in this context constitute hate speech.
Refrain from using the words "nigger" and "dyke."   Many people find these word to be offensive regardless of the context.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race and sex and gender in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
Refrain from using the terms "nigger" and "kike."  These are offensive terms and in this context constitute hate speech.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race and religious affiliation in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anythign.
Calling a person a name for no reason other than them calling you out is wrong.
Disagreeing with the way Facebook is run is fine, but when there is no reason to resort to call Mark Zukerberg and his wife names.
Disagreeing with what a congress person does is fine and all but when calling them names is a different story.
Use of the c-word and other slurs is unacceptable in discourse as it demeans and insults women and others.
Bringing another person's family into an argument and calling them names is immoral.
Judging an entire race and gender just because of one person's action makes no sense at all.
You don't need to use that king of language to make your point.
Language that demeans based on sexual orientation is not ok
We should show a little respect for former presidents.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
there is no need for that kind of language.
Everyone deserves respect.
We should listen to anyone who says that they have been abused no matter the race or gender
Your perspectives on this are completely undermined by your use of hateful language.
Sometimes people are stereotyped for now reason. Try to get to know them before you judge
This post is completely sad and does nothing but present yourself as a hateful individual.
Use of the slur here is unacceptable in discourse as it demeans and insults people with another religion than yours.
Their is good in bad in all things but using that kinda of language helps no one friend
You have incorrect ideas about Islam, user 1. And user 2, that isn't funny at all; it only shows your hatred. I feel sorry for you both
Its terrible that is happened but we should no assume it happened just because of race
Both of you are completely ignorant and hateful. Try to actually understand what's going on in the world and stop spouting hate.
We are all humans. You might not agree with the other side but if you automatically right them off then your no better than they are
Both of you have some serious problems. Your arguments are based in hatred and misunderstanding. It's sad.
Try not to use derogatory words please.
Please put an end to the abusive comments and use more care toward others.
hey there, xenophobic and derogatory slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
That's a hurtful word and you shouldn't say it.
Please oust the comments that devalue others.
Hi there, homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thank you
Wow, calm down. There's no need to speak like that.
Please express your concerns in a more genial way.
Please forego the negative comments and use words not so harmful.
You can make your point without resorting to derogatory insults.
Please don't discredit others with debasing remarks when giving your opinions.
could we have a thought please, and not just a slur for no reason.
hey guys, i am trying to get away from just tossing out a slur as a catch all insult.
i dont like to see the 'r' word tossed out there because someone can not be bothered to think.
maybe we can not lump all the women together in a slur because you are mad at one.
your words belong to you. and i dont have to listen when you choose those. there are correct ways to reference any race.
It's 2019 we would ALL appreciate it if you would refrain from using such an incredibly offensive term. Please.
She doesn't admit to being colored, she admits to being a nigger, which holds negative connotations.
That term is highly offensive to homosexuals. Please get your point across without being so edgy, edge-lord.
You can't answer or offer an alternative without using hate shows that you have nothing to offer
A man. Police are hunting for a man. Let's not be so ass backwards that we stoop to using such offensive words. Thanks.
I guess using the word nigger to describe the offender offers more fear and news worthiness
There are gazillions of other insulting words that can be used without using a word so highly offensive to homosexuals. Thanks.
An alternative view is presented and your only response is to be offensive.  Offer a different view
Please don't make assumptions based on race. We are all part of the human race, as  such deserve to be judged as individuals.
Woah, the language being used in this thread is inappropriate and could be offensive to others. Please use more neutral terms next time!
Let's try to keep it civil here, please. Referring to Schumer as a "twat" is disrespectful to all females. Thank you :)
Don't waste your time watching this video then. But please don't use offensive language about gays and African Americans.
Your language is offensive and derogatory, and could be hurtful to others. Please be careful and respectful in the words you choose!
Hmmm...I think this gear's good for anyone. BTW, black people are not niggers.
Please refrain from name-calling with terms that have historically been used in a derogatory and hateful manner. Thanks for understanding!
Use of the n-word is unacceptable in discourse as it demeans and insults people of African-American descent.
It would greatly be appreciated if you would not use hate speech here. Thank you.
The term you have used here is derogatory and offensive towards other races. Please refrain from using this term, as it is very harmful.
The terms you have used here are unnecessary, and offensive to the LGBT+ community. Please use a better word choice to prevent harm.
This usage of language is a violation. Please refrain from doing this again. Thanks
The term you have used here is derogatory, and should not be used. Please be more careful with your choice of words to prevent any harm.
Please be more careful what you say here. Thank you.
The term you have used here is offensive to the disabled community, and is not a proper adjective. Please be more careful with your words.
Making assumptions about someone just because you disagree with them doesn't solve any problems.
Using a derogatory term against someone is insulting to those people with actual mental disabilities.
If you cannot refrain from using hate speech, please leave this forum immediately.
Using hate speech and language will get you banned from this forum. Please respect others.
Please do not use racial slurs or sexual preference to insult someone. Thank you.
Vulgar language and hate speech are NOT tolerated in this forum and you will be removed.
Speaking with such language in this forum is not tolerated and you will be removed for using hate speech.
Racist hate speech is not welcome nor tolerated in this forum. Please excuse yourself from this thread.
I think your taking fictional television a little to seriously.
Since when has it mattered what sci fi characters looked like? It's fiction, that's the point. Let's relax and enjoy
everyone should be optimistic otherwise why go on.
No need for that sort of language – what are you really trying to say? What is it that is actually bothering you?
C'mon now.
Using language like that to describe someone speaks volumes about one's character.
Not a necessary nor constructive comment using that word. If you're upset, could you elaborate without crude language?
Although I agree what he did was evil and uncalled for hate begets hate we all have to watch ourselves carefully.
I think you know how complex this situation is, and that grouping people into large categories isn't helping anyone.
This whole thread is just about being mean to each other why do it.
Using that language to express yourself only makes you come off as uneducated – what really are you upset about here?
There's no need to use racial slurs to get your point across. You can say the same thing with more appropriate language and be more credible
You can't preach about racism when you yourself are resorting to racial slurs.
Stereotyping a group of people based on the color of their skin is inappropriate and unacceptable
Everyone has there own thoughts and feelings about other groups its best to try to think the best in everyone.
Even though someone is of a different religion than you does not make them much less of a person.
its a person paid to troll.
You might disagree with how it has been handled but theres no need for vile language like that.
Everyone has an opinion and as much as you are entitled to yours others are entitiled to their own opinion also.
how magnanimous of her.
Well regardless of what you think of other races being an adulterer to your spouse is not veryprexsidential I think.
Taking advantage of someone regardless of color, race or religion does not make it alright. Taking advantage of someone is wrong.
id tolerate him if he kept to his promises.
Violence is never the answer to solving an issue.
People should be respected fpr their opinion. It doesn't matter if a person is of color or has different race or religion than you.
an exodus of politicians would be preferred.
Every generation has its issues they have to deal with and id like to think that everyone tries to do the correct and ethical thing.
We all have our own purpose and stregths. Every generation is an improvement of the previous one.
I don't know if you think this is funny to play around with these slurs, but it isn't.
We are talking about food, not homophobic slurs here.
Try to see that you are fighting to adopt the victim mentality that you show scorn for.
The homophobic slurs add nothing to this discussion. The video speaks for itself.
I'm sure that you can see how using this kind of language produces a bad conversation.
It's extremely disrespectful to speak about a President in this way.
Race and racial slurs have nothing to do with this political discussion.
It should worry you that someone posting a song is provoking this reaction.
That word is very offensive to all women.
Quit generalizing a whole ethnic group. You are being racist and irrational.
bit harsh name calling, you may have a point but perhaps choose better words
Hate speech directed against a religious faith, in this case Islam, is both uncivil and banned.
Do not say that about people. That is offensive. You need to stop because you can't judge a person's character by their ethnicity.
you view on history is very one sided, please if you must comment choose better language
Unadorned racism, as disgorged here, is banned--and very rude.
Just because you're behind a computer doesn't mean it's right to troll someone. You're not invincible.
wondering what has caused all this hate, perhaps just leave the comments, enough hate in the world already
Homophobic slurs ("fa--ots") and the hate-filled rancor surrounding it, are not allowed on this site.
Do not us that word to describe people. Especially if you want them to win.
no need for the c word, you arent adding anything that way
Calm down. This conversation isn't necessary. Don't talk about Trump or any of your political ideas here. No one wants to hear it.
wow claim down there, you can have your views but dont entice hatred, better language please
"Re---d" used here, in spite of the clever comment containing the term, may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families.
This is the kind of misogynistic speech that sends us back to the dark ages.
It's fine to disagree with someone's politics, but to use a wildly offensive term to describe your political opponents is quite offensive.
Using this type of language is incredibly unhelpful and only deepens the division in our society.
Apart from the fact that your comment makes no sense, we live in a country where anyone is free to practice their chosen faith.
Language attacking a religion is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
Words that attack an entire religion are neither careful, nor considerate.
The r* slur was really unnecessary, as well as that final comment. Please think about how your words could affect people before posting.
"Ret---ed" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
If you're trying to get people on your side, use facts.
Someone seems obsessed... you should find better ways to let off steam than attacking random people online.
Your comments are unnecessary and only add fuel to the fire.
This was such an unnecessarily extreme reaction, I don't understand what was actually going through your mind when you wrote this.
Misogynistic hatred and anti-Islamic venom combine to mark this post as subject to excision.
People are more likely to listen to you if you leave off the slurs.
Hey, I get your point but I feel that the f* slur was not really needed.
your comment would've been better without the last part.
That's not true in the slightest, Jews don't hate Muslims and Muslims don't hate Jews. Please do some research.
Rampant anti-semitism makes this post objectionable and subject its author being ejected from Gab.
This post veers from social commentary into racism ("the average African is...retarded...and lacks self-control") which is banned here.
Please do not use a mental disability as a way to insult other races.
Just because someone is a different race than you doesn't mean they are less intelligent.
The homophobic term "fa--ot" is offensive to many people and so should not be used here.
Please do not use that hateful term regarding a persons sexual orientation.
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they're a bad person.
Both the n-word, and the overt racism on display here, are completely banned in this forum.
Woah! please do not use racial slurs when replying to others.
"Re---d" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families, please try to avoid its use.
Avoid using a mental impairment as an insult to others.
You hurt a lot of good people using a term like that
Using what used to be considered funny terms, now just hurtful, really doesn't fly anymore
Using a derogatory word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
Terms like that hurt a lot of good people, and aren't funny to anyone
Some words just don't fly anymore...just too many good people get hurt needlessly
Please do not use insults containing religious affiliation. Thank you.
Please refrain from slurs based on race.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race, which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Just because someone is not a smart as you doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of.
Just because someone is a different race or likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race and sexual orientation in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
If you seldom use the word then you should withhold it when debating an issue.
Using these words proves that you are a racist and that your opinion offers nothing and should be discounted straight away
Being a "dyke" has nothing to do with being a white woman.  If you are going to slander and disparage use your words appropriately
Writing these offensive words will not elicit meaningful conversations, only more hate and rhetoric
You are writing very homophobic and racist posts, please do not post these things.
Just because someone has a different lifestyle than you doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of.
Please do not use homophobic language.
Just because someone is not as smart as you doesn't mean they are less than you.
Please do not post racist slurs.
You don't have to write posts with homophobic language.
You say a lot of words but you don't have a lot to actually say.  Your closed mind should come with a closed mouth.
I guess that rant was an example of the online hatred the article describes.
Your use of caps lock does not add to your point, and your bad language drowns out anything else you're saying.
This is a really hateful comment. Let people judge the article for themselves without the hateful slurs.
The only violent person here is you. You're murdering the english language.
Violence has zero to do with sexuality.
You're* incapable of understanding the form and function of a front hole! You're* the reason women give up on men!
Way to offend all women because you don't like a few of us.
I like the book, but your use of that anti-female slur isn't cool.
There are other, less hateful ways to get your political point across.
This is really hateful towards all women. Consider a less offensive approach.
Basically, you hate everyone as evidenced by your hateful slurs.
You don't have to like her, but offending all women isn't necessary.
Hateful person.
Don't relate people with intellectual disabilities to creationists, its insulting to the people with intellectual disabilities.
Use of the r-word and other slurs is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults people with mental disabilities and others.
hey, you shouldn't use the term "retard" or "fag", using offensive terms just weakens your argument.
There is no invasion, just people seeking to escape from war.
I can't blame them for their rioting. I'd be mad too for generations worth of discrimination that should have ended over 60 years ago!
you're part of the problem if you use language like that
No, these are peacful people with every right to live their lives as they choose.
if you're going call someone a retard then at the very least you should check your spelling
Muslims are a profoundly beautiful people just trying to seek shelter from extremists.
Use of the r-word and all the hatred vitriol is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults people with mental disabilities.
blaming the religion instead of holding the people accountable is the wrong way to go about this
Hi there,racist and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Your post uses speech that denigrates ethnicity in violation of  our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
The negativity has begun. Everyone relax and post your arguments without the bashing. Then your point is heard.
Both "fa--ot" and "b-tch," not to mention racist eugenics, constitute hate speech and are banned here.
Those words are not necessary.
I don't know why anyone would dumb a boxspring in an alley. But even if she did this is not a way to handle it.
Because this post drips with both misogynism ("c--t") and sexism, it is classified as hate speech and will be banned.
Those names are offensive and degrading
This post is--at a bare minimum--racist (n-word hate speech), probably antisemitic,  and definitely should be banned.
That is an awful word and you should be ashamed of yourself
Awful to say about a precious baby. The world is going to be 100% mixed soon and there is nothing wrong with that.
This post is racist (n-word included), and racism is hate speech, which is banned here.
There is no need for that kind of hate youre talking about a little baby
Racism is wrong I agree. But when you try to say that with all the insults your point isn't being respected or really heard. Try again.
Your language is awful
Do you always sound this angry? Or is that just your internet voice?
The terms "muzzie" and "b--ch" are emblematic of hate speech disparaging a religion and gender, this is not allowed here.
That is a whole lot of hateful slurs for someone that is trying to get other people to agree with him.
I'm pretty sure if you actually watched it you would see how wrong you really are. Give it a chance. Cheers!
"Fa--ot" expresses homophobic hatred, so it is banned here.
Sexuality has nothing to do with this article at all. No need for the homophobic slurs.
Not everyone has the guts to be a complete jerk. Have you been having a bad day?
The "n word," since it offends many, has no place in intelligent commentary and should not be encouraged as it using it were a virtue.
I would expect nothing less than this type of description for an article that is also filled with hate.
Yo, can you guys grow up. What year is it now?
You are mocking those with a serious medical condition. I am sure you meant to be funny, but it really isn't.
Are you jealous? or just mad because someone else is getting more attention than you?
The "n word," because it is offensive and usually written by a racist, is not permitted here.
You asked for opinions, than used racial slurs against those leaving their opinions. Makes no sense at all.
She has her life experiences that shaped how she communicates the same as you.
Using such vulgar language to speak about women shows a serious lack of respect.
Cant we all just get along!
Well we can all agree that infrastructure and logistics are very important.
Name calling only leads to pointless arguments.
We should base our opinions on facts and not falsehoods.
I find it hard to believe that your much help to anyone.
Using such foul language to describe people shows a serious lack of respect.
Your ignorance is showing. Stop being a racist.
The n* slur is not the correct way to refer to people of colour. Skin tone should not come into play when discussing music.
Disparaging someone because of their sexual orientation or gender is not ok.
There is no reason to use derogatory names just stop
You decided to be straight and cisgender, just as a child may decide to be gay or transgender.
You can voice your dislike for Hillary without using offensive language
This statement is very childish and really does not make you seem intelligent or correct at all.
Disparaging someone because of their sexual orientation or nationality is not ok.
Faggot is a terrible term no need to use it
Women are a lot less likely to love someone who spouts hate speech.
Wetback is a terrible racist term stop using it
Please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabilities.
Refrain from using the term "retard."  It is offensive by many people regardless of the context.
Please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabilities and homophobic slurs.
Refrain from using terms such as "whore," "retarded," and "faggot."  These are offensive and constitute hate speech in these contexts.
Please do not use derogatory language for women.
Avoid using terms such as "bitch" and "cunt" to refer to women.  These terms are offensive and constitute hate speech in these contexts.
Please do not use derogatory homophobic slurs and racial slurs.
Refrain from using the terms "nigger" and "faggot." These are considered offensive and constitute hate speech in these contexts.
Please do not use derogatory religious and ethnic slurs.
Refrain from using the term "muzzie."  It is considered offensive toward muzzies and, in this context, is considered hate speech.
Your post uses speech that denigrates religious affiliation​ in violation of our Com​munity Guidelines and T​OS Agreement.​
Watch out for the name-calling there.
Gay slurs will not help your cause;  please try and be rational here.
Please refrain from using derogatory terms for people of any  religion/ethnicity.
It's hard to understand your point when you use that word.
Since you are discussing a factual detail, people would respond better if you used factual speech to back yourself up.
Your use of racial slurs doesn't make your argument more convincing.
There is no need for such speech. People tend to respond better to speech that doesn't contain that.
That term is very offensive to the disabled and has nothing to do with politics.
There is no need to call the woman that. A tsunami produces salt water, so of course they didn't have fresh water to drink.
No need to offend all women because you don't agree with this particular one.
If this person upsets you so much, then stop responding to them. Talking like that definitely won't change their mind.
Racial slurs do nothing to prove your point, they only make you sound hateful.
Your opinion would carry more weight if you used respectable language to convey it.
Those racial slang terms are actually very offensive.
So many use words to label those who have a disability they can't help to describe someone they think isn't smart, pot calling the kettle.
Nice Tropic Thunder reference, and since it's a quote I won't give too much of a hard time about that "R" word, grrrr though, very grrr
What is wrong with deleting negative comments?
If I could see you, I very well might have had trouble holding back on the urge to shove soap in your mouth, have some decency people.
How do you know if the writer is even Jewish?
I'm sure that your eloquent words have affected her deeply, she's drying her tears with $100 bills most likely, maybe on vacation, in Canada
I am sure she is far more successful than you haters.
With so much hate & acts of violence in this country, I worry  about what is becoming of the English language, so many words and so few used
Most people who actually voted for Brexit were lied to with propaganda by government officials who took responsibility by stepping down.
You are replying to racism with racism. Think about this.
This language is offensive & constitutes hate speech directed at the Black people. The word 'n****r' in particular is derogatory and wrong.
There is no point hating, it's clear that there are issues on both sides here. Please think about your wording, as r* is an ableist slur.
This language is offensive & constitutes hate speech directed at the intellectually disabled, women, and immigrants. Its derogatory and wron
Not cool. You should think about how this comment will affect people, it's honestly disgusting.
This language is offensive and constitutes hate speech directed at Black people.  The use of the word 'n****r' is derogatory and wrong.
There is literally no reason for you to use either of these words, and just shows what type of person you are.
This language is offensive and constitutes hate speech directed at the LGBTQ and Black people.  The words are derogatory and wrong.
I'm not sure the n word is really appropriate here. Please think about your word choice.
This language is offensive and constitutes hate speech directed at Black people.  The word 'n****r' derogatory and wrong.
I hope you realize that word mocks disabled people.
If you refrain from using derogatory language I am far more likely to consider your point.
I realize the passion, but wonder if we'll get more discourse without the pejorative
This case has nothing to do with race at all.
It would help if you used nonpejorative names to make your point.
While I have to admit that is creative, can we do without the labels?
That's a very offensive word to women.
How is using a T#$#$ word helpful?
You can be for your own race without using racial slurs against others.
While I see your point I prefer to not use language that is degrading to people.
I have always found that these pejoratives lower the IQ OF a conversation. Don't you>
It would be great if you could leave women's body parts out of your comments.
Do you wonder if anyone will listen to you if you continue like this?
I understand your frustration against a specific gender but please do not use gender-based slurs.
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs and suggestive threats.
There are better ways to get your message across than by using homophobic slurs
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs when addressing the "Dems". Thank you.
Do not use homophobic slurs to get your message across.
While you have the right to be frustrated please reframe from using racial slurs.
They are not hiding, they are working as best they can with the government that was voted in by the American people.
Faith Goldy is a far-right political commentator, for those who do not know.
It appears that you have no respect for the original Irish people. It is a shame, for comments like this could restart the war.
Hi there, racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported. Thx
Kavanaugh is not being voted in as a member of a political party. His appointment is judicial.
Hi there, homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thanks
I am not sure of the subject of this post, but I believe the writers would appear more knowledgeable if better language was used.
I can tell that you have integrated this horrible word into your vocabulary, and I'm not sure why you would do that.
We are entitled to our own way of thinking, but when writing, perhaps cleaner language would be a better way of expressing our thoughts.
Racism (the "n word') and hate speech offensive to the disabled and their families ("ret--ded"), combine to force these comments' banning.
This is a really hateful way to talk about human beings who are experiencing starvation.
The n-word and racist parodies are objectionable and so banned here.
This is an accent and a stereotype that has a really long and hurtful history in our country.
I was following along until I got to the hate speech.  I don't believe it's really necessary to use bad language in our writings.
Hateful words ("fa--ot," "kike') must be rejected from a civilized discussion.
If this is the identity you are proud of, you need to re-examine your life.
Please don't bring vulnerable people into your insult so casually.
Please conversations like these are not productive we have no need for all the racist comments.
Race is not a determining factor for crime. People of all races commit crimes. Singling out people of African descent is immoral.
Use of the n-word and other slurs here is unacceptable in discourse as it demeans and insults people of African-American descent.
We don't need all the anger in the conversation using homophobic and religious slurs does not help anyone.
I find your comments to be completely uncalled for. Maybe you would feel differently if someone close to you was gay.
The conversation was going great we done need all of the slurs that does not help our conversations along.
I am afraid that you might be delusional. There is no such thing as non-white invaders, just fellow human beings trying to make a life.
Name calling only leads to pointless arguments and takes away from the topic at hand.
You're never going to get that blue check mark at this rate with that language.  How basic...
While I find all these arguments fascinating, I have to say I believe we could do better to clean up our language a little bit!
You shouldn't stereo type folks you've never met...
Talking about someone using such language speaks volumes about one's character.
Even black people shouldn't use that word! Its slave language!
I do believe that comment wasn't entirely necessary!  Maybe we should try to be more tactful in our approach!
Using foul language takes away from the point one is trying to make.
Maybe you would actually meet women if you could clean up your language and get an education.
I can get behind the argument, but perhaps we should find better language and mindfulness in the way we express our opinions!
Invasive surgery is not fun.
I like Cindy Lauper and her song Girls Just Want to Have Fun
Please avoid expressions that denigrate women or people of other religions.
My boyfriend like's camel toes.
Please avoid demeaning others on the basis of their religion. Thank you.
Animals are not dumb, they just can't talk.
Please refrain from racist language or sentiments.
I want a working man.
It's not all right to use language like that to talk about a woman. Please show a little respect.
That word is a slur which oppresses members of the LGBT community and you need to be respectful.
The homophobic slur is totally irrelevant to your argument.
You used a slur used to oppress women. In addition, you used slang which is disrespectful of lesbians.
This took a hateful turn. No need for the anti-female slurs.
You used a slur which is used to oppress disabled people when you meant to say, "stupid." In addition, you used many negative stereotypes.
This post managed to offend multiple groups of people and got way off topic.
You used a slur used to oppress disabled people and stereotyped a religious group.
You are detracting from your political argument by offending both Jewish people and homosexuals.
I see your concerns on the nature of the Democrats. My understanding as always been that you can't always compare apples to oranges.
Both parties have efficient ways of finding out information.
Hey games are meant for everyone to play. A game doesn't discriminate skin color so I hope that you can also do the same.
The need for profanity is unnecessary in this case.
I would like to know more about what alpha means to you. I am genuinely curious because we might have different meanings to the word.
Despite of anyone's sexual orientation, I do not believe the word alpha would scare them.
I don't always agree with what Jim Carrey does but I think he deserves a bit more respects. He is a phenomenal actor.
Jim Carrey has his own opinions, which everyone is entitled to. It happens to be past the social norms.
Hey if you are mad at Ivanka's father, Donald Trump, that is understandable. We should jump to conclusions on Ivanka.
Her color has nothing to do with the situation. Her views do on the other hand. It is a matter of opinion as to how people feel about her.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean you should mock people with mental disabilities.
The terms you have used here are offensive towards the disabled community. Please refrain from using harmful language.
The terms used here are derogatory towards the Muslim community and the gay community. Please use a better choice of words to prevent harm.
Just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they are worth less than you.
The term you have used here is inappropriate, and offensive towards the disabled community. There are less harmful words that you can use.
The term used here is derogatory and offensive towards an entire race of people. Please refrain from using this hurtful language.
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to help solve anything.
The language you are using is vulgar and extremely offensive to multiple communities of people. Please refrain from using harmful words.
There is a way to talk about race in a constructive way; this is not it, and only reinforces the idea that the alt-right is racist.
an interesting debate gone bad. please only comment if you are providing good input to the original debate. leave the racist comments in out
For being so sensitive about being called bigoted, there is sure a lot of bigoted statements in this post.
Use of the slurs here is unacceptable in discourse as it demeans and insults gays.
perhaps you should have substantiated your first comment, does seem fair or just. they are only human after all.
American was built on the idea of religious liberty. This means that Jews have as much right to be here as anyone else.
Excuse me jews are human after all. what have they ever done to you. this is 2019 leave that language in the past where it belongs. end of
There are few things dumber and less useful than the blindly intolerant.
blimey, rather harsh. you could just say nothing rather than fuel hatred to this lady from behind your desk
The amount of self-delusion here is astounding.
politics is complicated enough without all these hatred comments, leave it out and discuss politics not each other please
You cannot use her gender to make your point, it wont make you right, and you are not better just for being a man.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature or demeans a person with mental disabilities contribute to a productive conversation.
Please take out the remarks that are distressing to others.
Please write more caring statements instead of hateful ones.
Being woman is not a disdain, should not be use in such way and it wont make you right doing so.
Please remove the degrading remarks from your speech.
Being lesbian is not a disdain, you have no right to offend someone for being lesbian, you are not better for your gender.
The comments you make are wounding others so please stop.
Please think about taking out the slanders against women.
Music is music, there is no reason to spew racial slurs to describe it.
Using that word is highly offensive to those with a medical condition.
You can disagree with him without offending disabled people in the process.
Sexuality has zero do to with this discussion.
This political discussion is no place to mock disabled people.
What hateful slurs expressed here!
Discriminating based on sexual orientation, or alleged orientation, says a lot more about you than it does anyone else.
You should find a less hateful way to express yourself.
No need to use a slur that offends all women.
Referring to women the way you did is exactly why people like Spencer get confronted as he did.
You should try to use less hateful words to describe people.
It's free expression, but not utter hate, like you've expressed.
Promoting acceptance of other religions doesn't work when you use slurs regarding others' sexual orientation.
Please refrain from using such hateful words to describe people.
Yeah, you can't use homophobic slurs to describe your distaste.
Just because someone else posted inappropriate comments doesn't mean you can as well.
Please try to use less hateful words to get your point across.
It's a shame that you feel the need to spew racial slurs under the guise of honesty.
I, too, would develop a drinking problem if I was as angry and intolerant as you.
Please extinguish the negative thoughts from the text.
Withdraw the negative comments that are hurtful from your discussion please.
End the attacks on others and please apply language that is more acceptable.
Please utilize more tolerant language in expressing your opinions.
Avoid the abominable language and use less harsh text.
The tactless use of the homophobic "fa--ot" stains this comment as hate speech: please refrain from its use.
"Bi--ches" and "fa--ot," because they are misogynistic and homophobic, respectively, as well as terms of hate speech, are verboten here.
Jokes about gassing jews, and homophobic hatred ("fa--ot") deliver two sound reasons for eliminating this exchange.
Please refrain from using racial and homophobic slurs.
Both homophobic hatred ("fa--ot"), and misogynistic effluvience ("b--ch"),  have no place here, and so are banned.
Please do not us homophobic slurs. Thank you.
You may not mean to, but what you say is hurtful to many people with disabilities.
You could tell him why he is being unreasonable, in plain English. Then maybe he might stop.
We should just stop using that word "retarded". It doesn't make you sound intelligent and it devalues your opinions.
What a sad story that was. Even more is the shame it brought for the young man. Perhaps he will rethink his life.
The way you talk about other people is not nice. You are blinded by your own biases and hatred. Google confirmation bias.
You would feel the same if you could not get a job because you were unwittingly caught up in the welfare system. Reform is needed.
Using that slur doesn't make any one respect you more, in fact the opposite. The world would be better with more respect.
Climbing the fence and attempting to take on the fighter was a bad decision. No need for name-calling.
If we could stop expressing hatred against people with disabilities the world would be a better place.
This young lady freely admits that she is what she says she is. She is imploring us to leave her alone. Perhaps we should.
More concrete references than colorful ones helps to make a more meaningful point.
Hello! Please refrain from using racist language; it's not civil and doesn't benefit anybody.
Refrain from using the term "nigger." The word is offensive and considered hate speech.
Please refrain from using homophobic and antisemitic language.
Refrain from using hate speech in your posts.  The terms "faggot" and "kike" are considered as such.
Please refrain from using homophobic language.
Refrain from using the term "faggot." It is consider offensive.  This post is hate speech.
Please refrain from using ableist and racist slurs.
Refrain from using hate speech in your posts.  The terms "retard" and "nigger" are considered offensive regardless of the context.
Refrain from labeling people as "cuck" or "wigger." Many people find these terms offensive regardless of the context.
Just because someone is a different race than you doesn't mean they deserve to be mocked.
That's a really offensive way of stating your point.
I agree with this argument, but you are unintentionally offending disabled people with that last comment.
Describing someone you don't like this way is very offensive to disabled people.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they deserve to made fun of.
Just because you don't like this woman, doesn't mean you should use words that are offensive to all women in general.
This slang word is actually really offensive to women.
Please do not use that racist slur when posting.
The term you have used is offensive to people of color, not just the royal family that you are referring to. You need to use better words.
The term you have used is offensive to the disabled community, and shouldn't be used as a joke. You need to be more careful with your words.
The language you are using is very offensive to other communities of people, not just the user you are speaking to. Please use safer words.
Do not use that hateful racist term or cultural term.
The terms you have used are very offensive to religious groups and people of color! You need to use less harmful words.
Avoid using that sexually vulgar term when talking to women.
The language you have used involving rape and inappropriate terms are very offensive to women. Please use language that is less harmful.
It doesn't seem like a request for water is a reason to call someone names.
She was a presidential candidate dont talk about her like that
Just because you don't like her, doesn't mean you have to offend all other women as well.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable in discourse as it demeans and insults women
You should just say " She " lost. There is no need for the rest of what you said
No need to use homophobic slurs, the video speaks for itself.
Their is no reason to be this toxic guys
Really harsh homophobic reactions to a newscaster's personal life.
The fact that you keep using that word makes everything so much worse
Your post is frighteningly full of hate and violence, all in reaction to a news story.
Just say you don't like her. You don't have to insult a woman just because you don't like her
Using the term "tw-t" pejoratively is so very offensive that its reflexive and unconsidered use should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
He is just a person. You dont have to insult him on stuff he doesn't have control off
Targeting a religious faith with indiscriminate hatred ("muzzie") is not allowed here and must be eschewed.
Language that demeans based on religion is not ok
They are just living their life the way they want to. You should not insult someone just on their religion
"Re---d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families; its use successfully obscures any point being made.
You have managed to use both a racial and gender slur in a post about television.
I really don't agree with this use of hateful language!  Surely we can think of other, better ways to express ourselves!
While I do not approve of these judges either, the use of homophobic slurs is unnecessary to getting your point across.
I believed this was a legitimate debate, I understand the frustration, but maybe not so much the use of foul language!
This is a really hateful way of voicing your disagreement and is offensive to a lot of people.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to help anyone. .
Your post is offensive to women and disabled people. A bit harsh as a response to a news article having nothing to do with either.
I believe that there are better ways of expressing oneself in posts!  Perhaps we can keep the name calling to a minimum.
Use of hateful language regarding sexual orientation and gender is impolite and not humorous.
I guess you mean that the poster followed you into this thread, that you think he should get a life, and that he should go back to Twitter.
These offensive words are not a practical way to get anything accomplished.  No one will listen to this type of language about them.
Use of hateful language regarding people with disability is unnecessary to express opinion.
Seizing phones is a little far out, but being proud to take a selfie with this man is dangerous. Soldiers in particular should know better.
Calling people names only disrupts from the messages you are trying to send.  People tend to stop listening
Use of hateful language regarding race is unwarranted and nonsensical.
Can't see the post, they (Twitter) banned it.
Use of hateful language regarding sexual orientation is unwarranted and unintelligent.
Bombings have nothing to do with his father. Trump is an acidic man who approves of extremes. People misconstrue this and act upon it.
No one wants to read you degrading someone in a false way, if you have something to say speak the truth
Use of hateful language regarding race is unjust and unintelligent.
Name-calling gets us nowhere.
Nothing is accomplished by using inflammatory language
The language used here is derogatory, racist, and hurtful towards women. Please refrain from continuing to use this hateful language!
The language used her is very hateful towards women, and you should refrain from using such offensive terms to prevent further harm.
Making fun of the person you dislike isn't going to help anyone.
The term you have used is vulgar, and can be offensive to other women. Please be more careful with your choice of words.
Just because you don't like someone doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of.
The term you have used here is very derogatory, and there is no room for racism here. Please refrain from using such hateful language.
Hating an entire race of people just because of the actions of a few people doesn't make any sense.
Regardless child any age under 18 is still a minor.
The age of the children you are discussing proves that they are, in fact, just children. Undeveloped brains cloud their judgement
When you express your opinions, please avoid the prejudice remarks.
Halloween shouldn't be a night to abuse and mock people for simply being different.
Hypocrisy is blatant in the way you are triggered by kids in costumes, yet feel the mocking of an entire race of people is validated.
Please express your criticisms without degrading others.
You should just have said how disgusting it was rather than using language that mocks disabled individuals. They didn't choose to be so.
Please reflect on your comments and use less aggressive words.
Do you truly understand what you are doing by using offensive words and propagating a bias and judgemental culture?
Please avoid the offending comments towards people and use more uplifting words.
Should you stand up for your race when you are in the wrong? What makes your race so great?
I feel the white race has always been defended and has many proud members, no need for more.
Please take out the offending comments and try to use more good-natured speech.
Religion-targeted hate ("muzzies") and neo-fascism ("reinstitute...the SS") are sufficiently odious to warrant a ban here.
Using slang words for groups of people makes it difficult for others to understand what you are saying, use proper names.
Stop using racist and sexual choices as slurs.
Both sexual orientation-targeted hate ("fa--ot) and blatant racism ("porch monkey") are sufficiently vile to warrant a ban from this forum.
Using harsh language causes people to stop reading the rest of your post, tone it down and you'll attract more viewers to your link.
Stop using religious and racist insults.
Bigotry and racism compete here as to which is most foul and ludicrous; in any case, both are banned in this forum.
Making racial or religious jokes usually doesn't come across as funny to more then a few groups of people.
Using "tw-t" pejoratively is so very offensive that its reflexive and unconsidered use should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
Using words that can be seen as sexist is are sure way for people to get lost in the topic being discussed.
"RET--D" as shouted here offends the mentally disabled and their families and must be avoided.
Think twice about using certain words when other words would fit your narrative much better, such as "silly" or "foolish".
Please do not use racist and homophobic language on your posts.
This is really upsetting to see this verbal abuse.
I know dealing with certain people can be frustrating, but it'd be nice to see less vulgar language!
Please do not write posts that could be offensive to people with mental disabilities.
Being had by a scammer is never a good feeling, but I don't agree with the name calling!  There are better ways to get a point across!
This post is offensive to people wth mental disabilities, please do not post this.
I would not want the poster altered either, but I think there are better ways of expressing oneself than the swearing and name calling.
Please do not use words that could be offensive to those with mental disabilities.
While I agree that those kids can't vote, I disagree with calling the people who think otherwise a bad name.
Your post uses a racial slur, which is not acceptable.
This is unproductive, stick to facts.
Yes, we are allowed to have an opinion, but perhaps less vulgarity in the language used might help others to see your point more readily.
Everyone is entitled to opposing opinions. Just because someone has a different opinion than you does not make them less of a person.
All of us have our own opinions. We can all respect each others opinion and stop degrading one another.
Stop insulting people for their political and sexual choices.
A person with a different opinion than you does not make him lesser than you. Respect each others opinion.
Stop insulting a person for their sexual choices.
We all have our own views but we need to understand that a difference in views  should initiate a healthy exchange and not disrespect.
Stop insulting and threatening people for their political choices.
I doubt they really meant they wanted you to report them to the boss.
Honest employees are a blessing
Insulting others by making fun of the developmentally delayed or intellectually disabled is inappropriate. This is hurtful language.
Social media is getting boring and shows immaturity in older people. I say shut it all down.
Using crass language is inappropriate, as is making fun of the developmentally disabled in order to insult people.
I don't care for that stuff.
A slip knot would be a good knot for a bundle of wood.
This in a slur. Telling someone that they are homosexual as an insult is very offensive.
So you disagree and think that you need to make fun of people to prove a point.
America the beautful
This is hurtful language, and implying that someone eats feces and implying that they are homosexual as an insult is not acceptable
Racism isn't necessary. Though I don't think he is always truthful, those names are warranted.
I think you think too much.
This is a very rude word that is offensive to African Americans and insulting someone based on being of mixed descent is unacceptble.
I know sometimes it is hard to get along with certain people, but I think we could express ourselves better without offensive language!
Don't use that type of language, try to find a different word.
Such slurs are disrespectful - Please do not use language you wouldn't wish others to use on yourself
I can appreciate that everyone has their own view on things, but perhaps we would appear more tactful if we refrained from hateful speech.
That type of language is offensive and should not be used.
There is no circumstance where such racist language is appropriate. Nobody appreciates being called slurs.
Perhaps the time out can be taken in stride with some thoughtful reflection on abstaining from vulgar language!
This is because you are using hate speech, without provocation. Even so, there are no circumstances where such language is called for.
While I don't necessarily like the President or First Lady I would go so far as to call them hateful names and use bad language!
We will not tolerate this type of offensive language.
Racial slurs serve no purpose in meaningful conversation, and only serve to hurt in cases such as your comment. Do you really mean to say it
I can sympathize with different viewpoints, but maybe we would have a better chance of being readily heard if we used better words!
Please find a less offensive way to get your point of view across.
Such insulting language isn't welcome here - Such language will usually have others disregard your opinion
I guess it's safe to assume you hate all races and sexualities different from yours.
This isn't quite a way to stress your opinion. Perhaps you can explain this in a well written manner so we can hear your opinion.
I do not agree with the use of such hateful language!  Surely we can find a better way of expressing ourselves without being so offense.
That term describes a serious medical condition and is highly offensive.
This kind of conversation isn't accepted here. Try and be more mature so we can have an adult oriented conversation.
While I can understand that everyone is entitled to their opinion, I still think we could get our points across without using such language!
This whole post is hate slurs, there is no actual content to comment on.
I understand that you have opinions, but this kind of negative response is unacceptable and a re-portable offense.
I really don't agree with calling anyone such hateful names!  It is ok to dislike someone, but people should still be respectful of others!
I agree, it is ironic, but there is not need to use homophobic slurs that have nothing to do with the argument.
It certainly sounds like you have strong opinions on the matter, try a different approach to get a clearer understanding next time.
While I don't necessarily agree with what the President said, I don't think calling him all those names is very respectful or proper!
You say that disrespect has consequences, yet are using disrespectful language yourself.
I understand that you have an issue and opinion, but we need to be mature when discussing these topics.
While I think the comments are funny, it's really not very polite to call eachother names!  There are better ways to get your point across!
I don't like his glasses either, but it's not cool to use that word. It mocks disabled people.
Looks more like a disguise.
Using that word mocks people with a serious medical condition. Please don't do it.
I am so proud to be white, not.
A real Christian doesn't focus on killing. We focus on helping one another and love.
Spamming and hateful slurs are both equally unwelcome here.
I don't understand all these people's fascination with fire wood.
Spamming needs to be banned from all platforms.
Sexuality and hate slurs have nothing to do with your political standpoint.
We need a third party to break up the status quo and get things moving again.
Democrats have many different ideas than I do, but calling them names like this will not get the right attention to your point.
Speaking down to people and name calling speaks volumes about one's character.
Your homophobia and transphobia are unhelpful.
Please avoid insulting LGBTQ people while trying to insult Jewish people.
Name calling leads to pointless arguments that have nothing to do with the topic at hand.
Slurs against Jewish and LGBTQ people do not improve your argument.
Use of the c-word and slurs is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults women and Muslems.
Racial epithets are not permitted on this site.
Not necessarily, people of all religions can have all sorts of opinions.
Hatred comes in all colors. Right now you're creating exactly the sentiment that you want to get rid of.
Pregnancy has a lot of factors. And we're talking about rhetoric here, these people could already live in the US.
Your language is strong, and not appropriate considering the historical sensitivity of the word. Please be careful in how you address others
What are you even saying.
Can we just like, not go back to WWII ideologies, we fought a war, everyone agreed Nazis are bad.
Your language is strong and derogatory. Please try to use more neutral words to get your point across! Thanks for understanding.
What. I don´t know who hurt you, but maybe step away from the computer.
Literally you just needed to remove a word.
Your language is derogatory and offensive. Please try to opt for more neutral words to make your point! Thanks.
Approximately 884k people live there, so clearly you´re hate is the minority.
So you're saying anyone that voted for Trump hoping for change deserves such horrible things. We all make mistakes, relax.
The use of name calling and foul language shows a lack of understanding of the topic at hand.
That definitely isn't upper class money. I agree it depends on the state but still 75k isn't all that much.
Removing the foul language will help others to understand your point of view better.
This is out of hand. We all have a right to an opinion, but leave out race and religion negative remarks.
The name calling and foul language leads to nothing but pointless arguments that have nothing to do with the topic at hand.
Being a racist isn't anything to brag about. God made all of us to love one another and have compassion. People forget that.
Describing something using vulgar language is a childish way to do so.
Your vocabulary is unacceptable, come on, you can do better than that we should respect others dont spread the hate.
Thats really offensive to us all, insulting someone, having a racist attitude is wrong and should be kept for yourself.
You have all the right to disagree with others but why use offensive words like cunt, those can really hurt other people as well.
A mental dissability is something that you shouldnt treat lightly, youre lucky you werent born with one so respect others please.
terrorism is a terrible thing I agree but stop treating others with hate, you can express your opinions in a way that doesnt offend others
You are blinded by hatred and I hope that somehow your heart learns to accept others that are different than you.
These people have feelings just like you and I. Please try to view things from their point of view too.
Killing anyone is never the answer. I don't think pedophiles deserve much, but killing isn't an option.
Insulting people that disagree with you is not an effective way to get your point across.
These people you're insulting went through many difficult hardships for generations and continue to do so. Please consider their pov.
I don't get how a terrible place can be thought of as heaven. We all have our opinions and I respect yours but it's definitely wrong.
Yeah, I am! I love everyone and so should you. The world would be a much better place if we all got along.
Wow 1978 I remember this song. Look if you don't like the music just turn it off.
It is okay to not be attracted to trans people, but it isn't okay to insult them based on their gender status.
Which I disagree with. Nobody should be forced into liking another person. But I wouldn't use those words to prove my point either.
If you want to get your point across I think you should word it differently
Please avoid using racial slurs when responding to others.
Terrible way to destroy a perfectly running truck. What a waste of money. I doubt that solved a thing.
You don't have to like her or what she stands for but you should be respectful
Please do not use hateful racial slurs when posting.
Kamala Harris just might be running for President in 2020 and I'm watching her very close, I like her.
What did a black person ever do to you for you to feel that way? Why do you think it's ok to speak about people like that?
Please avoid using anti-semitic slurs and racial slurs when posting on GAB
A person who cannot live within diversity, is the problem. Some where in your gene pool is diversity.
Attacking another race in response to this makes us just as bad. She exaggerated her heritage, let's focus on that.
Please converse in a more genial manner so as not to offend others.
I don't agree with their statements either, but the easiest method of showing discontent is to just disengage, don't bother name calling.
Remove the offensive attacks on others in your text.
Express yourself using more affable language please.
BBC and ITV are doing their best to establish a more inclusive lineup, singling out the racial divide only worsens it.
Please eliminate the detrimental language from your comments.
If the guy was provoking them then that's one issue, but his sexuality doesn't really come into play. Four on One is still pretty cowardly.
Please eradicate the dangerous and hurtful words from your talk.
This is no way to respond to someone no matter what they are saying.
I hope that you can see that what you are discussing is ethnic cleansing.
Just because someone has a different opinion than you doesn't mean they are less than you.
I wish you would be less ready to believe that a victim is lying to you.
Use of the racist slur here is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults and alienates others.
You are right that using this hateful speech is causing you to turn against each other.
Even if someone is upsetting you, it is better to ignore them than stoop to a lower level and use hateful language.
Calling someone names just because you disagree with what they said is wrong.
There is no need to be so hateful. Some opinions are better kept unsaid.
Just because you did not like the joke it does not give you the right to bad mouth someone.
Just because you dislike someone or something doesn't mean you should use hateful language.
Even if someone is wrong that doesn't give you the right to call the names.
If someone bothers you that much then don't bother yourself with replying to them. It's not worth it.
Badmouthing an entire race because you disagree with something makes no sense at all.
Opinions are better received when conveyed without hateful speech
Regretting your decision is fine, but there is no need to cuss at someone.
The language you have used is derogatory towards women, and is inappropriate to be using here. You need to use better word choices.
Maybe she was registered elsewhere. It isn't my business to know who votes or who they vote for. Teach your kids that too.
Insulting someone because of their race is unacceptable
The term you have used here is derogatory, and glorifies racist remarks. You need to use better language that is less hateful.
Being colorblind is the correct way to be. Love your neighbor because tomorrow you may need them.
The term you have used is offensive towards the gay community, and has no place here. You need to be more careful with your word choices!
I see nothing wrong with the debate. I also don't think she was trying to get any pass, she is just too sensitive.
The terms used here are offensive to the disabled community, and not necessary to be using. You need to be more careful with your words!
I hope you never make a mistake when reading a thread. Both of you responded disrespectfully to each other. Be an adult.
The term you have used is a form of racism, and it is not tolerated here! You need to be more careful with your words, as they are harmful.
Gab can be used by any person old enough to understand it. Race shouldn't even be discussed. Just move on to another post.
Suicide is such a long term solution to a usually short term problem, how sad.
I hate being single.
Please refrain from attacking people based on their ethnicity, religion, or sexual orientation.
I wonder how soon football season starts.
Please refrain from using derogatory terms for homosexuals and females.
I proudly donate to the Special Olympics
Then there is the rat race, the kentucky derby and many others.
Please quell the disrespectful comments and use kinder words.
Please employ less distasteful language in your thoughts.
Using a derogatory term to describe something you don't like is putting down those with mental disabilities.
Verbalize your concerns in a more friendly manner please.
Let's refrain from using racial epithets against black people such as Louis Farrakhan. .
Even if you may find your response funny or a trvial, please try to remember that words do hurt; especially those with a brutal history.
It is hard for someone to take your opinion on jail sentences as unbiased when you use racial insults in your comments.
It would be easier to find the solidarity in each others plight than create more enemies. Bound together, the 3 twigs were unbreakable.
Your comment regarding the "Plecotomus" does not come across well.  I would avoid nonsensical insults because they don't help your cause.
I sincerely hope your anger abates one day and you can see every human being as individual. Come that day, I'd love to talk more with you.
When it comes to Mr. Hanky RearEnd, let's take a step back and calm down.  This is not a situation worth getting excited over.
A person who is sure of themselves has no need to be so hostile. The fact that you are so angry at people for simply being is telling, sir.
There is no need to bring in and insult the religion that Keith Ellison follows, Islam, into this conversation.
A person who cannot communicate without name calling or curses not only shows the world who they are, but also detracts from the message.
Not being smart enough as you mentioned can not be generalized to the whole race, thus your claim is defendless and wrong in the first place
Every group of people, or ethnicity, has been enslaved at some point in history.
There is no excellence or superiority between different genders so nothing funny about it
It is easier to converse with others when you realize you follow the same ideals.
Beliefs and choices are every man's right, they do not determine if someone is how you described them.
Naming different races wont make you a better version of human than they are
In reality, all people are related. Yes, your DNA can be traced back to a common ancestor in Africa
Not my kind of music that is for sure. But to each is own.
Prevent the chatbox from displaying offensive words.
No woman deserves to be abused. If he's guilty I hope he goes to jail because not many abusers do. But let's not judge until then.
discourage and ban users who write insults towards muslims
What an awful thing to say about someone. You don't know the whole story of a person. We all make mistakes and deserve a chance.
Stop the chatbox from allowing offensive words towards black people and ban those who use such words.
Well I would like to see the 2020 census when it's out. But it doesn't really matter how many Jewish Americans are here anyway.
Moderators should stop users from displaying Anti-Semitic conspiracies.
While I can agree that we all should be vigilant of what we read online, I think comments that include offensive language are not necessary!
I'm aware we all have a right to express our opinion, but perhaps we could find better language to use in our expressions!
It's always surprising to me how freely people use hateful speech! 
 Arguments would seem more intelligent if better language was used!
I do not agree with the use of vulgar name calling in the comments!  There have to be nicer ways to go about sharing one's opinion.
This whole conversation is beyond painful. There's nothing meaningful here, only hatred.
The F word, attacking sexual orientation and derogatory terms for religious affiliation are unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
It seems that you have a complete misunderstanding about the debt in this country, as well as the characteristics of Americans.
The N word and language attacking religious affiliation is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
Using the word "retard" to describe someone else's disagreeing with you only shows your hatred.
The way you are speaking is making it hard to understand your point. All your doing is name calling.
This is so sad. You clearly don't know anyone that is black, as if you took a moment to know them, you would see they're as human as you.
This really isnt cool. You guys sound so ignorant its really sad, Just shows why there are so many race problems in this country.
Water is a thirst quencher
It isn't appropriate to use that word in conversation. All it does is start drama.
Many Germans take vacations to Death Valley, CA.
I'm sure it isn't his looks or weight that make him the horrible person you are portraying him as so it would be best to just keep it classy
I can explain how to clean your oven if  you need someone's help.
Just because someone is a different race doesn't mean they deserve to be mocked.
I think we should try to keep this more on-topic instead of using pointed language at minority groups.
The way we characterize each other goes a long way to dividing us as Americans. We need to work more toward the greater good in any event.
Maybe they are just trying to fit in with the rest of mankind.
Using a derogatory term against the people you dislike is putting down those with actual mental disabilities.
Not knowing all of the circumstances makes it impossible to judge the sanity of a military action. It may seem absurd but be brilliant.
You don't need to be so upset about something that's so simple.
It is inappropriate to use such sexist and racist comments. Talk about the car itself if you want to criticize it.
I hope you can see how you are penalizing people for stepping outside of your rigid code.
Using words to attack someone's gender identity or race don't contribute to understanding.
Calling Aaron Rodgers names and making racist terms is inappropriate.  If you want to criticize him talk about how he plays football.
I don't think it's okay for you to use words like this so thoughtlessly.
You are using some terms that are offensive to people with developmental disabilities. Please avoid using terms like that.
You don't need to be so afraid of transgender people, they are not out to get you.
It's inappropriate to use homophobic language like that or to denigrate people with different gender/sex orientations.
Please take this more seriously, I hope you can remember the genocide that took place because of it.
Language like that is offensive to people with developmental disabilities.  Please use more appropriate terms.
Using racial slurs does not support your argument. Remove the hate speech and more people will listen to your opinion.
Calling people insensitive names is a good way to convey your thoughts and opinions on a subject, it only makes you look hateful.
You can have an opinion about someone or something without bringing sexual orientation into it.
It's better to make a complete and rational thought instead of just replying with a hateful word.
Insults based on sexual orientation and disability are not ok.
Making fun of someones mental capacity or sexual orientation is not a good way to get people to take your side on a subject.
That doesn't mean he wouldn't be typing on something else.
If this is your point of view you should think twice about using other slurs.
To talk about people this way just because your ideas and preferences are different is cruel. Just don't pay any attention.
I think you should get to know some real trans people and see how much difficulty they already have to deal with.
I don't know who gave the term "caravan" to 14k people.
I don't see why you would try to degrade this person by calling him a woman or gay.
I don't think Trump kisses anyone's behind. He does what he wants to do that is obvious.
I think you should try to internalize that not everything revolves around Jewish people.
Abrams may have regretted that remark. But calling her out her name isn't nice either.
You should be more embarrassed about showing your hatred for black people.
This post is offensive to those with mental disabilities.
Please do not use sexist language here.
Please do not use racist language on this website.
Use of the slurs and rank hatred here is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults and alienates others.
When you use that word it is an insult to your character.
The language used could be better replaced with more appropriate words.
LETS KEEP RACE OUT THE DISCUSSION,; IT GETS US NO WHERE.
The foul language should be replaced with more appropriate words.
People would take the post more serious if the vulgar language was taken out.
WHOA THERE, LETS NOT TAKE THE CONVERSATION TO THE GUTTER.
There are more appropriate terms that should be used to replace the vulgar language.
HEY GUYS, USING THAT KIND OF TALK DRAGS YOUR IMAGE DOWN INTO A PERSON NO BETTER THAN THE ONE YOU CRITICIZE.
Talking down on others and using foul language speaks volumes about one's character.
You can disagree on the politics without resorting to that.
I think you know how to communicate in a way that attacks ideas without being racist.
Please do not use racial slurs to describe people.
That's a pretty low attack to make and very discriminatory. Be better than this
Words that attack someone's race or gender identity are neither careful, nor considerate.
You can make the point about this terrible crime without using that term. Clean it up.
That's a rather extreme view of this. We can do without that level of hate speech.
The definition of the word faggot does not fit in this instance. Using a word that defines a lifestyle to describe a person does not fit
Whoa man, calm down, we don't use the f word anymore. It totally negates your opinion.
Dude! We don't use the r word anymore, please change your verbage.
Swearing is not a response to someones opinion.  When you disagree use facts calling someone names does not prove a point
Calm down buddy, he provided proof via a link, please look at it before you pass judgement
The word faggot is not a descriptor for an abuser.
Excuse me sir, but there is no evidence to the sexual orientation of the winner,  And please refrain from using that word.
This post is disgusting and highly offensive to disabled people.
You're mocking ignorance but calling each other racial slurs.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean you should make fun of each other.
This description of violence and hate towards homosexuals is alarming.
That term actually mocks a medical condition. Not cool.
Sexuality and homophobic slurs add nothing to this story.
It's OK to criticize her actions but we don't permit sexist slurs in this forum.
Please do not use gendered-based slurs.
Racial slurs aren't necessary or permitted here and must be avoided.
Please do not use racial or religious slurs.
There is absolutely no reason why this language is necessary
Unacceptable use of language, and it does not advance the conversation in any way.
Racial slurs are not acceptable
Criticizing actions is permitted, but sexual orientation slurs are not, especially when they are not applicable to the subject.
Homophobia slurs are not okay.
There is no need to use hate speech and stereotype entire groups of people for no reason
Racial and sexual orientation slurs do not add to the dialogue and are not permitted on this forum.
Words such as "faggots" and "dykes" are hate speech and not to be used. The N-word is a racial slur.
The following post contains offensive/hate speech which is prohibited on this platform. Further infractions will lead to account restriction
Your post was found to contain offensive speech. Please refrain from the use of such language in future posts.
Your comment has been tagged as containing hate speech. Please ensure further posts are free of offensive phrases.
Your post contains language that has been deemed hate speech. Additional infractions could lead to account termination.
Your post contains multiple forms of offensive language. Your account will face restrictions/termination if you use such language again.
Your thought can easily be illustrated without the use of racial slur
if you do not have anything productive to say, please don't say anything
Use of hateful language regarding people with a disability is unwarranted and unimpressive.
Totally unnecessary to use hateful terms regarding people with disability to express opinion.
Please refrain from derogatory remarks about a person's mental health, as it has nothing to do with this current discussion
It is fine to refer to a jewish person as Jew, that relays your message fine without resorting to racial slurs
I'm not sure why you're pointing this out like it's a bad thing.
Please take caution in the words you use, as they can be demeaning and hurtful to others. Thanks for understanding!
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you..
You should be introspective about why people would want you to leave.
Woah! Your choice of words is not appropriate in a public forum. Please use a more respectful word to make your point. Thanks!
This is an upsetting word to use for no compelling reason.
You should look into the history of using this word in our country.
This word has a history of being used in a derogatory and offensive way. Please select more respectful words next time!
I can't believe you are actually wishing death on another human being.
Your words are derogatory and hateful. Please try to use more universally accepted language in the future! Thanks for understanding.
Describing woman with such vulgar language shows a lack of respect.
Talking down on someone and using foul language is a childish retort to any comment.
hey there, homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Using that language speaks volumes about one's character.
Using foul language doesn't make your point anymore valid.
Please reconsidering your thinking and avoid the distressing words.
Name calling does nothing but start pointless arguments.
Please do away with the upsetting attacks on others and use nicer words.
Using such foul language shows a lack of a good vocabulary.
The words you say are very damaging to others so please stop.
Calling a woman such a foul name shows a lack of respect.
Please withhold the degrading attacks on others and use more favorable words.
There are many more appropriate words that should be used to replace the vulgar language.
Take out the text that is distressing and use language that is more acceptable.
Stop the chatbox from displaying anti-gay words
Language like this is offensive to so many people - it's wrong and demeaning plus it could get you into serious trouble.
Its time we stop using homophobic slurs as insults - its okay to be gay in today's society, but comments like these say otherwise.
ban users who user offensive words towards muslims
Interestingly, her religion is the first thing you pointed out. Just because she's Muslim shes not a bad person.
Stop the chatbox from displaying misogynistic words
I'm not sure what's so funny about this, last I checked using derogatory terms got people into a lot of trouble. Grow up already.
Moderators should tell users to use non-bigoted insults.
Threatening violence while insulting people is a new low. There's no genuine reason to degrade a person like this. Act like adults.
Questioning someone's intellect because you disagree with them is wrong.
This language is offensive and constitutes hate speech directed at the intellectually disabled and Jewish people.  Its derogatory and wrong.
There is no reason to call people names just because they said something you do not like.
This language is derogatory and offensive and constitutes hate speech directed at women.
Not knowing what something is does not make someone less intelligent.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults people with mental disabilities
The word retarded is offensive and constitutes hate speech directed at the intellectually disabled. Its derogatory and wrong.
Resorting to violence and name calling is not a solution and is not morally correct.
The word cunt is offensive and constitutes hate speech directed at women. Its derogatory and wrong.
Calling people names and insulting there religion is not right.
This language is offensive and constitutes hate speech directed at the Jewish and Black people.  Its derogatory and wrong.
While I don't agree with their tactics, WBC is still a protected group who deserves the freedom of the first amendment
The "n word," since it offends many, has no place here.
I believe we studied very different histories. At no point would I say Lincoln "hid" behind anyone.
Such ill-considered spewing of homophobic hatred ("fa--ot") and misogyny ("b--ch"), give ample reason for banning this unfortunate post.
I becomes harder to have someone see your point of view and engage when you just sling nonsensical insults
The fact that she is even on your radar invalidates your point
The term "dyke" as uses here is both offensive and disallowed.
Your descriptions do not help to summarize the post and I am left more confused.
It's not racial, but you are using an offensive term towards the mentally handicapped
Stop using racist insults.
I guess there's  nothing smarter you could say besides making something racial.
Stop using gender based insults.
I don't understand why that word gets thrown around so much.
She was deserving of the award prior to the hearing
I appreciate all that mounties do, regardless of race or religion
Your post uses speech that denigrates race and religious affiliation​ in violation of our Com​.​ Guidelines and T​OS Agreement.​
I feel that white supremacists are a very small group and you'd be surprised what at how few followers you would gather
I certainly don't find it insulting to be classified as someone who doesn't excel in gym class. As if that has any value in the real world.
While I may not agree with the classification of transgender athletes, she should still be applauded for her merits.
How does the hate speech add to your argument
Insults based on race and gender are not ok.
I find it hard to believe that either Russia or China was poised to nuke the USA. Please prove it.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they deserve to be name called.
I fail to see why your would label him as a female body part. I'[d like to know why you feel this way.
Just because a man has a lot of female help does not make him less of a man. You must really hate women.
It doesn't make sense to hate an entire religious group based on the actions of a few people.
I think you are speaking of her looks. Women of other ethnicity look different to different peoples. Ideals of beauty are not all the same.
I guess you're saying that he's lying.
Please cease using the distasteful language toward others.
Please eliminate the unhealthy aggressiveness toward others.
Please banish all the destructive words that are demeaning to others.
Please think about what you are saying and rephrase it in a less hateful way.
Use of the slur is unacceptable in discourse as it demeans and insults people from another country.
Please refrain from using such strong and derogatory terms! It can be hurtful and offensive to others reading your post. Thanks!
This kind of language doesn't add any validity to your argument.
Please be careful with the words you use! It can be seen as offensive and derogatory to others reading. Thanks for understanding!
This language does not help strengthen your argument here...
Woah! You are using language that has a history of being used against targeted groups. Opt for more universally accepted word!
Please refrain from using words that have a history of being used in a hateful and derogatory manner.
This language does not help strengthen your argument here.
Please put an end to the vicious remarks toward others.
Antisemitism, racism and vehement ethnicity-based hatred, are reasons for banning this post.
Please refrain from using derogatory terms for people of any race
Please think about the repercussions of what you say before you express your opinions.
Homophobia and antisemitism are hate speech which is banned here.
Please refrain from using derogatory terms for homosexuals or people of any race.
Please remove the distasteful remarks toward women.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is so very offensive that its reflexive and unconsidered use should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
Please curb the negative thoughts that are offensive to others.
The "n word" and the accompanying racism are toxic to civilized debate and so are not permitted here.
Please take out the distressing language and find kinder words to use.
The term "muzzie," and bigoted religion-based hate speech, are not allowed here.
Just because a person is into beastiality does not make them a faggot.
Threatening violence and name calling does not accomplish your goal of disagreeing with another's actions
Calling people names does not change who they are or the actions they have taken.
Disparaging someone because of their sexual orientation or race is not ok.
If you have to use hate words to describe a person you disagree with then you don't have much of an opinion to stand on
Just because someone has a different lifestyle than you doesn't mean they deserve to be ridiculed.
Disparaging someone because of their sexual orientation or religion is not ok.
If you don't like someone, just ignore posts about them and move on.
You can get your point across better if you don't use racial slurs.
The cis-gender, heterosexual white man has never been, and will most likely never be the minority. He'll at least never be treated as such
There is no point in using hate speech here, I don't even know what your point is
Your bad language distracts from what you're trying to say.
I would like to try and understand your point. Your comment comes across as nonsensical when theres too much emotion involved
Race and mental/physical capabilities are in no way related
Consider others' feelings and eliminate the disgusting talk.
Please refrain from using derogatory terms for people of any race or gender.
Please avoid the obscenities and think of peoples' feelings.
The word cunt is offensive and inappropriate and should not be used as it is highly offensive to women.
Please hold back the abusive attacks on others.
This language is racist,sexist, and anti-semitic. It's unacceptable hate speech, these comments are derogatory and wrong.
Remove the acerbic language and just express your thoughts with decency.
This language is islamaphobic, sexist, and anti-semitic. It's unacceptable hate speech, these comments are derogatory and wrong.
Please eliminate the snarky remarks from your text.
This language is racist, sexist, anti-semitic, and homophobic. It's unacceptable hate speech, these comments are derogatory and wrong.
Please refrain from using derogatory terms for homosexuals .
ABC's decision had everything to do with public pressure. The executives didn't have a choice. Nothing to do with the race of their staff.
Blackface is a far more nuanced/racially charged issue than just freedom of expression. Just because we can offend doesn't mean we should.
I disagree with her politics too, but she makes some good points. At least she's willing to come to the table to discuss them.
Some remasters and remix's are hit and miss. Nothing to do with anyone specific. Let it go and remember this doesn't cheapen the original.
Nothing to do with politics and sexuality. I hope whoever did this gets the help they need. Poor animals.
Your account has been suspended. We ask that you review our user policies. You can email a Moderator to appeal this action. Thank you.
I wish I were three again free again, me again.
You are welcome to email a Moderator concerning your immediate account suspension. In the meantime, please review our user policies.
They were once called snake oil salesmen
Replacing the foul language will allow others to better take you opinion into consideration.
Your account is permanently closed. We regret having been forced to take this action. Reddit's a global, inclusive and non-violent community
streamers make a festive statement.
We insist that you review our user polices. Reddit is a global community. Final warning. Thank you in advance for your cooperation.
People should be nicer to each other.
Calling a woman such a foul name speaks volumes about one's character.
Out of respect for our fellow female Redditors we insist you refrain from such terms and review our user policies. 1st warning. Thank you
Just because someone's sexual preferences are not to your liking does not mean they shouldn't be alive.
Disagreeing with someones personal opinion while cussing them out makes your post less valid.
Just because someone support's Donald Trump does not mean you can cuss them out and question there intelligence.
Threatening people with violence just because you don't like a certain race is wrong.
Use of the slur is unacceptable in discourse as it demeans and insults Mexicans.
Calling people names and judging people based on there political party makes no sense whatsoever.
The word retarded is unacceptable language and these comments are derogatory.
This language is racist. The n-word is unacceptable language and these comments are derogatory and wrong.
This language is racist and full of hate speech.  The word spic is unacceptable language and these comments are derogatory and wrong.
Use of hateful language regarding race is unjust and not humorous.
Racial slurs are not appropriate towards humans nor animals.
The term you have used is derogatory and racist. Please refrain from using this term, as it is hateful and offensive towards others.
This article is horrific enough, your racial comments aren't necessary.
The term you have used here is derogatory, and not acceptable in any context! Please refrain from using such offensive language.
Use of hateful language regarding race and disability is not warranted or intelligent.
The racial slurs and mocking of the disabled are uncalled for here.
The term you have used is derogatory, and not acceptable for use in any context. Please refrain from using this term, as it is very harmful.
Use of hateful language regarding sexual orientation is unwarranted and unimpressive.
They're actually a great squad and sexuality has nothing to do with it.
The term you have used here is hateful towards the LGBT community, and you need to refrain from using it. It is highly offensive.
There is usually a lot of hate on here, but the hatred towards yourselves is sad.
The language used here is racist and derogatory, and you need to refrain from using such language to prevent harm. Please use better words.
This is not funny and is not nearly a good enough reason to use a gendered slur.
Thats not cool, You are just being mean
I hope you can take a step back and see that what you are promoting is suicide.
Welfare is for people who need it. You should try see what someone is going through before you say stuff like that
I wish that you would not target vulnerable populations for the purpose of cheap insults.
Just say the ruin everything, Using that word hurts people who are mentally ill.
This is a troubling slang word that tells a great deal about your point of view.
They are coming here trying to escape the terrible conditions of their homeland
Use of hateful language regarding sexual orientation is impolite and unintelligent.
The term "fa--ot" comprises homophobic hate, and as such is not permitted here..
Racism, and the use of the "n word", are banned here and must be avoided.
Use of hateful language regarding people with a disability is unwarranted and unintelligent.
Homophobia ("fa--ot") and racism are both hate speech and so are not allowed in this forum.
Use of hateful language regarding women is unwarranted and nonsensical.
The language you are using is inappropriate, and attacks multiple groups of people. You need to be more careful with your choice of words.
Profanity and using words that bring about bigotry is not socially acceptable.
Your post lacks depth
The terms you have used are derogatory towards women, and used in a context to offend the Jewish. You need to be more careful with words.
Words that dehumanize females should never be used in today's society.
It would be more interesting to hear your views instead of your biases.
The term you have used is offensive towards the gay community, and shouldn't be used in any context. Please pick your words more carefully.
It is slanderous to speak of people that may have a different sexual orientation and it should never be done as it creates more problems.
I am learning so much I never knew there were names that referred to sexual orientation.
The language you have used is derogatory and disrespectful to the Muslim community. It is very hateful, and you need to use kinder words.
Judging people and calling them names based on religion is dehumanizing and goes against the Bible.
Seattle is very humid, nothing like the desert.
The term you have used is unnecessary, and hateful towards the gay community. This is unacceptable; you need to be less hateful!
Calling a person a name due to sexual orientation is not socially acceptable and should be avoided.
I believe demons are mythological and that Satan's only sin was wanting God to love him best.
Language attacking sexual orientation is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
Language attacking sexual orientation is inappropriate. Please refrain from future use.
This word shouldn't be used as an insult, it is a serious medical condition.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation and/or ethnicity in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Services.
The racial slurs add nothing to your argument.
Race has nothing to do with this story.
That word is offensive to disabled people and shouldn't be used.
Your post uses speech that denigrates ethnicity and national origin in violation of Community Guidelines and Terms of Services Agreement.
That is a racial slur and isn't funny.
That doesn't even make sense, and why the language
The language you are using is very racially motivated, i would ask you to refrain from it.
I am not gay but the song is great, you should give it a try!
You aren't accomplishing anything by exchanging insults for no reason
My race has nothing to do with this and you do not know me
Hey there, racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported. Thx
What is the point of using this language
Please refrain from using racial and religious slurs in your comments.
Insults based on mental conditions are not acceptable; please make your arguments without them.
Please do not use racial/ethnic slurs in your comments.
Using sexual orientation as an insult is not permitted here, please make your comments without them.
Your point would be more accepted if you found a way to make it without using those words.
Insults based on religion and sexual orientation are not permitted, including triple parentheses and repeating words others have used.
The vulgar language shows a serious lack of a good vocabulary.
Instead of leaping to hateful language, try something more productive. People respect well-worded opinions
Hurtful terms like those hurt more people than your target
Simply because you disagree with someone does not mean you should use hateful language.
Use of an old, hurtful term really doesn't even get a smile anymore
Talking down on others speaks volumes about one's character.
If a conversation is bothering you, simply leave it and don't reply
Hurtful terms like those you're using don't impress anyone...and aren't worth an attempt at shock humor
No need to use such language in a conversation that was going so well. It benefits no one.
Probably shouldn't use terms that blanket trash a lot of good people; I'll bet you could have done without
Such hateful language isn't needed. If you're truly concerned, perhaps think of a better way to convey that.
Some words just don't really fly anymore - hurtful to anyone who might just be human
Calling someone a jap cunt proves nothing, it has no meaning and does not make a statement worth reading
The context of calling someone a faggot hippy doesn't prove anything or convince someone to act in a certain way.
Using offensive "gay" descriptors does not envoke action
Telling someone to stop posting a faggots story does not get someone to take action, it makes you a hypocrite
Everybody believes in what they believe. You have to accept that and move on.
While I disagree with your sentiments this seemed like a civil conversation until you insulted people with disabilities for no reason.
Focus on the debate. That's what really matters here.
Hoping for anyones death just because they are different than you is uncalled for. We can all live in this country despite our differences.
Less name calling and more in how to find resolve.
It doesn't have anything to do to you what children other people adopt. Don't let things you can't control bother you so much.
Just because someone comes from another place doesn't mean its a bad place. A lot of great places in the world.
Just because a country is different than ours doesn't make it a shithole. We are all citizens of the world and need to get along.
He has the freedom to vote how he likes. You wouldn't want that to be taken from you.
There is no need to call anyone slurs, and it does no justice to your argument.
Your intention is to hurt him but he will never see this, and these slurs have a degrading impact on you.
It's disturbing that you would spend so much effort on an ugly racist joke.
You should seek out more factual sources and let those guide you rather than your bias.
I want you to think of people in your life who are gay before using these words.
Please use common sense to consider what you have just said.
Using words to attack someone's gender or race don't contribute to understanding.
please respect your fellow social media use they have asked you to stop so please do, dont get personal
just no need for that comment, doesnt even make sense. like saying your mum. spread love not hate
ok to pass comment and judgement but the f word is not needed, please delete and repost with better language
Please refrain from using Racist slurs and offensive suggestions.
first comment wasnt needed but dont make it worse by replying in that way. leave the hatred locked away at home
I don't think using words to demean a persons faith or national origin are careful in conversation.
just why reply like that. respect their views and leave it at that. dont fuel a fired that didnt need to start
Others would have an easier time reading your opinion if the foul language was replaced.
There are much more appropriate words that should be used to replace the vulgar language.
Speaking down on a group of people because.of their ethnicity speaks volumes about one's character.
The foul language shows a lack of a good vocabulary.
Just eat whatever you want and quit bringing unrelated stuff like sexuality into the subject. You're not changing each others minds
I agree that animals should of rights. Obviously not above a human life, but I'm guilty of treating my dog like my child.
A lot of people hid behind the computer, but that isn't the way to handle it.
I don't think the immigrants are the hostile ones here.
Hey I'm an American and I think I just might check out this Canada thing. I can open a business and flourish there.
You don't need to be white to have tacky stickers.
A lot of parents use those to show off their kids and good grades.
Manny Machado doesn't need to sell coke because he's a professional baseball player...
Machado is a great player and had an awesome year.
Threats of violence and homosexual slurs have absolutely nothing to do with this discussion.
Now, i don't believe threats and name calling is going to help this conversation go anywhere, if you don't agree just move on.
Rape is a awful issue that affects millions of men and women. It's inhumane to wish that on anyone. Faggot is a gross slur no one should use
That phrase is highly offensive to women and has nothing to do with the discussion.
You're name calling isn't helping the situation, perhapos if you don't agree it would be best to just move past it.
What kind of satisfaction could you possibly get from speaking to people this way. It is degrading and unnecessary malice.
I agree that this case is unjust, but the use of an anti-female slur has nothing to do with the discussion.
Making assumptions like that when there is a real problem here isn't going to get you taken seriously, let's figure out a way to fix this.
The fact that you brought up race when it was not needed proves your bias and racism regarding the situation. Please educate yourself more.
Using that word in a derogatory manner is very offensive to disabled people.
I don't see how labeling and name calling is going to help any of these problems, can't we talk like adults?
You made several good points but your use of the word "retarded" makes it offensive to some people. It's unnecessary, just remove it.
This made sense until you started using anti-female slurs which have nothing to do with your point.
By name calling don't you think you are just adding to the problems we have? Can't we have a disagreement without bashing?
This post has several typos, it would be best to just delete it all together.  The word cunt is extremely vulgar and so unnecessary to use.
I don't understand why you are making a joke out of hurting people's feelings.
Please don't make this a matter of race rather than of ideology.
Religion is a personal choice that has nothing with a persons mental state. And it is wrong to mock people with disabilities.
Your fear of Jewish people controlling everything probably has another source.
Your anti-semitism is quite off putting. You would probably be happier if you could open your mind.
You probably shouldn't be wishing death on strangers, no matter what you believe they've done.
I understand you are angry, but let's not use grade school insults to put people down.
This is a really long way to go to get to complaining about people that you don't like.
The issue warrants critical discussion but it seems you are clouded by anti-semitism and negative feelings towards trans people.
Using "dyke" as a hate term makes this post unacceptable here.
Just because someone is from a different country doesn't mean they are a bad person.
Your post uses speech that denigrates ethnicity, sex/gender and/or sexual orientation in violation of Com. Guidelines and our TOS Agreement.
Hatred based on ethnicity ("wetback'), race ("half breed"), sexual orientation and religion (anti-semitism): these comments are banned.
Your post uses speech that denigrates ethnicity, religious affiliation and/or sexual orientation in violation of our Com. Guidelines and TOS
Primarily displaying religion-based hate speech, these comments also display homophobic hatred ("fa--ot"): both are banned here.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean their views are less valid.
Due to the expression of misogyny ("b--ch," "c--t), these comments must be banned as hate speech.
Just because someone has a different belief than you doesn't mean they are a bad person.
Hate terms offensive to the mentally disabled, and pervasive anti-semitism, together cause these comments to be banned.
Referencing people using demeaning words is not the best way to make a point.
No need to use homophobic slurs to voice your displeasure.
Why would you say that about someone?
Your response adds nothing of value to the reader, it's better to give reasons for an opinion.
Your anti-female response didn't really answer his question.
Wow, original insult.
If you want to get people on your side, avoid using name calling in your statements.
These anti-female slurs have no point in a discussion about men you don't agree with.
Seriously and completely unnecessary to be this insulting.
Give a reason for why you don't like somebody instead of simply using negative words, it helps to keep the discussion going.
I don't agree with him either, but the hateful slurs are not appropriate.
Those are incredibly offensive terms, you can do better.
If people's disabilities or religion have nothing to do with a topic than it is much simpler to just leave those references out.
It is hard to decipher the actual conversation through all of the hate slurs.
This is completely not cool to use these terms, you are stooping real low.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Taking out the foul language will make the post more pleasurable to read.
The name calling shows a lack of understanding of the topic at hand.
Just because you don't agree with someone doesn't mean you need to attack them, especially based on their gender or religion.
Your political opinions is shared by a tiny of fraction of citizens and nearly everyone finds them appalling. Name calling is for the weak.
Imagine if someone you loved had a disability ( which Dr. Ford does not). You wouldn't like them to use that term.
This language is offensive and constitutes hate speech directed at Black people.  The word 'n****r' is derogatory and wrong.
This language is racist and constitutes hate speech directed at Black people.  The word 'n****r' is derogatory and wrong.
This language is offensive and constitutes hate speech directed at the intellectually disabled.  Its derogatory and wrong.
Hating an entire race based one the actions of a few people does not make any sense.
This language is offensive and constitutes hate speech directed at the intellectually disabled. Using the word retard is derogatory & wrong
Warning if you continue to use offensive words we will have to remove you from here.
you have every right to share your opinion, but please refrain from offending or else removal will have to take place.
Please do not use derogatory racial slurs and anti-Semitic language.
Please share your opinion without using offensive words or else we will have to remove you from here
Use of the slur here is unacceptable in discourse as it demeans and insults women
Please refrain from using offensive words or else your account will be removed
Please do not use racial, anti-Semitic, homophobic, and sexist slurs or derogatory language for intellectual disabilities.
Avoid the destructive comments to others and be more objective please.
The context of the word 'bacon' being spray-painted is what causes offense and is definitely racist.
You have a right to an opinion, but please avoid the hateful comments.
Knock out the rude comments that are debasing to others please.
I think that the government can look out for all people regardless of race.
The words you use are hateful so please take them out of your comments.
Perhaps being accepting is the way forward.
Please end the prejudice and take the hurtful words out of the conversation.
I think that everyone should be treated equally, we shouldn't be judging people just based on skin color.
Refrain from using the term "nigger."  Many consider it offensive regardless of the context.
The C word is sexist language attacking women and is not tolerated.
Refrain from using the word "cunt," especially towards women.  Many consider the term offensive regardless of the context.
Refrain from using the word "nigger."  Many consider it to be offensive and hate speech, regardless of the context.
What is the use in using this language here
The N word and language attacking sexuality is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
Refrain from using the term "nigger."  Many consider it to be offensive and it constitutes hate speech.
This language is pointless here
Refrain from using the term "faggot." Many consider the term to be offensive and to be hate speech as well.
There are more civil ways to say this.
I don't have the patience for this right now.
I'm calling the cops.
"Dyke" is a very offensive term. People have worked hard for their reputation and it shouldn't be diminished by hateful people like you.
This response managed to be anti-Black, anti-female, and anti-LGBTQ+ at the same time, using "disturbing" language of its own.
Ellen has been around a long time. She's never been my favorite person on tv but I give her credit for stepping up so long ago.
If you do decide to have a "debate" on the internet, can you refrain from using hate speech to get your point across? Digusting.
The organizer had a right to free speech and assembly, just like any other American citizen.
I agree the security practices need to be edited. They don't reflect the current times.
Don't use that terminology for Muslims. It is so offensive on so many levels and it's people like you that give the world a bad reputation.
Even if someone steps down, someone else will just take their place. We need to vote better in the election.
"Cunt" is offensive to me not only as a woman, but as a person. Please don't use it anymore when speaking to others online.
This language is hurtful to women everywhere. It helps to be specific about what you dislike about a certain person.
If you don't agree than you're right to argue it. But this isn't the way. Voice your opinions with positivity and you'll be heard.
You are immature. I can't tell if you are a child or an adult, but you should be ashamed at how uneducated and hateful you are coming off.
This response instigates violent behavior, invoking anti-gay imagery. This comment is inappropriate conversation and could result in harm.
I think in some countries telling someone to harm themselves may be illegal. Watch what you say or you may feel bad later.
Y'all need help. I'm not a religious person but I found this - Romans 2:11: For God shows no favoritism. :)
We all bleed the same color, have the same thoughts, and hopes and dreams. why do we have to hate when helping on another would benefit all?
User 1, you need to be considerate of other people as well. Don't stoop too User 1 and 2's level with that language.
User 2, you are making absolutely no sense. You're a troll. User 1, it's 2019, shut up and stop using that word, its offensive as fuck.
i think it would have made for a much better conversation if you said why you think Barbara Spectre is not what this man says.
Simpsons is just garbage. :)
ftfy
User 3 you're making your argument look weak with that rhetoric. Obviously user 1 and 2 have some reading to do and we can leave it at that.
i think its time to take a break from the forum guys,
I know we won't always agree on things, but I believe calling names and hateful speech towards one another is not very kind or mature.
There is no reason to use anti-semitic language to someone who don't agree with
While the comment was somewhat amusing, I still think that the use of foul language isn't appropriate or necessary.
There is no reason to use racist language towards something you do not like
Such hateful language, makes me sad.  I feel there are more intelligent ways of getting our points across!
There is no reason to use homophobic language to something you do not agree with
Regardless of how a person feels about someone we should never be hateful or call people ugly things!
I don't think this person who beats women is a very nice character, but we do not need to lower ourselves to bad language and hateful words.
While I'm sure some people may find this word funny, it still isn't the nicest thing you could call someone!
I'm not really sure what we are discussing here, but let's try and keep the conversation cleaner!
While I agree that Taylor Swift has gotten a little weird, I don't think we should be calling her hurtful names!
I know this massacre is awful, but using vile language and name calling never helped make anything better!
You can't deport a US citizen. And she is more successful than you or anyone you know will ever be. Sounds like you are jealous.
There is no reason to use racist language to someone who disagrees with you
Just so you know, no one will take you seriously when you disparage the disabled or spout racial conspiracy theories. Open your mind.
There is no reason to use anti-Semitic language towards something you don't agree with
Since you pride yourself on grammar and spelling, you should try to avoid using slurs to make your points as well.
That is uncalled for and contributes nothing to the discussion.
Your comment is not only inaccurate but it hurtful to many many people. That isn't the way to change things.
There is no reason to use homophobic language to someone you disagree with
I'm having trouble understanding what you're trying to point out.
That's not really a valid argument.
Your attitude is considerably more ugly.
This is not even close to being a good meme, and really diminishes the legacy of the singer.
You should try to seek help to determine the source of your anger.
Please don't be so dismissive of an entire group of diverse people.
Regardless of race or social status I believe it's wrong to call others racial slurs and hurtful things!  We are better than this!
I think that you should examine why you are so eager to dismiss this as conspiracy.
I believe that the usage of foul or hate-filled language is not entirely necessary to get our points across!
Please think about the women in your life before you use words like this.
We should act more enlightened and instead of calling eachother hurtful and gross names we should be more kind with our comments.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation and race in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
I wish that you would associate gay people or black people with so much negativity.
While everyone has a right to speech, I think that sometimes we should be more aware of our usage of hateful and hurtful language.
You can not judge anyone based on their religious affiliation.
The language you have used is offensive, and can be hurtful towards women and the Islamic community. Please use different word choices.
People of color deserve to be with anyone they wish to be with.
The language you have used here is unacceptable, and targets people of color. You need to use better word choice to avoid offending others.
Using the N word is not an apropriate joke.
The term you have used here is derogatory, and very offensive to others. You need to refrain from using this term as it is harmful!
Using a derogatory term against someone you dislike mocks those with actual mental disabilities.
Woah, please be careful in the words you choose! Instead, try to opt for a more universally accepted term to make your point. Thanks!
Your language is derogatory and hateful. Please try to use more universally accepted words to make your point next time!
Insults based on race, religion and sexual orientation and religion are not ok.
Woah! The language you are using is hurtful and derogatory. Your point would be better made using more universally accepted words.
Woah! Please have respect for other users, and try to use a more universally accepted word next time. Thanks!
If you guys did not like each other I get it but you dont have to call him those names.
I understand your frustration, but please keep it polite.
No is just the athlete of the week because he deserves it
You need to remove that word from your vocabulary. It's time to grow up and stop acting like a racist. Please and thank you.
They are people just like both of us they dont deserve to be hurt
Everyone's family initially immigrated. Lets use reason and logic instead of ignorance today. Spread love not hate.
You can make your point without using derogatory language.
I don't understand why she would block this. Honestly not her place to get involved. But wishing her to be hurt is horrible too.
This language is offensive and constitutes hate speech directed at women.  It's derogatory and wrong.
The pejorative term "c--t," and the rampant, misogynistic hatred on display here, will result in this post being banned.
The music and video are okay just not my favorite.  If you're not German maybe you just don't understand it, but don't knock it.
Using "Ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here
I doubt that. To get into the NFL isn't easy regardless of color. We need more love to go around. Stop all the hate talking.
This language is offensive and constitutes hate speech directed at Black people.  It's racist and wrong to call someone a n****r.
Even if Ford has this fetish as an adult it doesn't matter. I don't think Kavanaugh ever harmed her, but this is irrelevant anyway.
This language is offensive and constitutes hate speech directed at women and the LGBT community.  It's derogatory and wrong.
Homophobia, misogyny, and the accompanying hate speech combine to cause this post to be banned.
We should be pushing for equal rights not rights by color. I am white and this kind of stuff is unGodly, he pushes for love not hate.
This language is racist and constitutes hate speech directed at Black people.  It incites violence and is wrong.
Hatred based on race, and the use of the "n word," are not permitted here.
Stop using sexual choices and medical conditions as an insult.
Insults based on race or sexual orientation are not ok.
Stop using racist and religious insults.
While I may disagree with her politics, I certainly dont wish she were dead
Out of respect for our fellow female Redditors we must insist you avoid this term in the future. Consider this a first warning. Thank you.
Debating percentage of whiteness in other groups just perpetuates the myth of some original race and serves to justify segregation.
I understand arguing European percentages but 'white' is basically a social construct so Im not sure how that can be proven
This thread has been closed. If your account has been banned you can appeal this action by emailing a Moderator. Have a nice day.
Your response is nonsensical and its not very clear who you are trying to insult
We must insist you not use such terms in the future. Reddit is for everyone regardless of gender. Consider this a final warning. Thank you.
Where is the father in this? Sometimes there is a larger, complex picture to assess, rather than inserting ad hominem & strawman arguments.
There is uncalled for leniency shown to both biological sexes.
While we understand your being upset we must insist that you refrain from using such terms in the future. 1st warning. Thank you
Seeing as how race is just a social construct, and more about physical differences, it's pretty superficial to judge just by the outside.
There is a large number of mixed race people, and the number will continue to grow. So will the acceptance of said people
Please review our user polices. If your account has been suspended you can appeal this action by emailing a Moderator. Thank you.
Im sure you can get your feelings across without talking like that.
The language you are using is derogatory, and present racism. These terms should never be used. Please refrain from using them!
I get that you feel that they did something wrong. but you shouldn't call them names
The term you have used here is derogatory, and offensive to the gay community. Please refrain from using such hateful language.
They are not being a stereotype they are just being who they are
The term you have used here is derogatory, and there is no room for racism in today's society. Please refrain from using such hateful terms.
Racism, homophobia, and antisemitism will not be tolerated here.
wow, you really covered everyone but yourself with that comment.
Please do not post racist slurs on this website.
Your language makes you appear to be uneducated.
Please do not post racist language, it has no place here.
That comment is not very factual.
Please do not post homophobic slurs.
Do you have personal knowledge of your statement?
Pease do not post racist language here, it is not necessary.
Your comment shows your intelligence.
The name calling is a childish way to describe someone.
Removing the foul language will make the post more pleasurable to read.
You can have a problem with whoever you want; but there's no need for hate speech against the jewish people.....
Name calling does nothing more than start pointless arguments.
This usage of language is against the rules. Please behave. Thank you.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability, which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Please do not use inappropriate language. Thank you
This language is a violation please refrain from repeating this behavior. Thank you.
Please do not use foul language here. Thank you.
You have used speech that violates our rules lease refrain in the future as to not offend others. Thank you
We ask that you review our user policies regarding such terms. Persons with disabilities are a valuable part of the Reddit community. Ty
Your words are very offensive, so please tone them down.
Out of respect for your fellow female Redditors we ask that you choose your language more carefully in the future. Thank you in advance.
Please eliminate the hateful expressions and use more cordial words.
This thread is closed. If your account has been suspended you can email a Moderator to appeal this action. Thank you for your understanding.
Please stop the abusive words and use more caring language.
Your account has been suspended. You can email a Moderator to appeal this action. In the mean time we ask you review our user policies.
Please use more pleasing words and less debasing language.
This thread has been closed. Reddit does not tolerate hate speech. Consider this a final warning. Thank you, have a nice day.
Please be more compassionate with your speech and take out the hateful words.
Disparaging someone because of their race or religion is not ok.
I don't understand why you are celebrating people getting hurt.
Disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok.
Maybe you should put more effort into understanding people rather than trying to eliminate them.
You should have more faith in people and not assume evil motives so quickly.
You should recognize that you are part of the problem in making these people's lives unsafe.
Torba is great, leave it alone.
Just because some is not a smart as you doesn't mean they are less than you.
Thy NY Times hires all nationalities and religion has nothing to do with it. Their writers are some of the best in the world.
Your anti-semitism is more despicable. We are all in this world together, stop trying to divide people.
Using a derogatory term against the people you dislike puts down those with actual mental disabilities.
She may be jealous. I mean not all women want to work. There is nothing wrong with staying home if that's what you want.
He might not have a chance. But responding to the video in this way I'd say neither do you.
Tumblr shows many sides of many people. But it only shows the side people want you to see.
Using a derogatory term against people you disagree with mocks those with actual mental disabilities.
I think I understand your point, but the nastiness and racist words lessen your argument.
You might be surprised when you get a nurse of another race. My grandfather did and that man saved his life.
It really is inappropriate to wish that on anyone, regardless of race.
If people really think this way in the USA we're in trouble. A woman doesn't deserve to die because of who she loves.
This is an interesting topic, but I find myself more focused on the vulgarities instead of the points you are trying to make.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation and/or disability in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Services.
Sotero can be with who he wants and still practice his Muslim faith. That isn't our business.
Your post uses speech that denigrates ethnicity, sex and gender in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Services Agreement.
Sinead O'Connor hasn't been around since the 90s'. She was always so beautiful with a perfectly round head.
I understand your frustration with his politics, but you're shifting the focus on your words and not your argument when you speak like that.
Lindsey Graham isn't all that bad. I don't care about his sexual preferences. That isn't our business.
Some words just don't fly anymore...too many really good people get needlessly hurt
I understand that you are outraged, but please re frame from using harsh words that carry a horrible history behind them.
Some things that used to be thought funny just don't even get a smile anymore
Excuse me but such use of that derogatory word is hurtful to some people so if it is avoidable for you, please do so.
Terms that hurt a lot of really good people just aren't worth the weak attempt at humor
If you are gonna to talk to each other try not to use horrible terms that may question a persons intellect.
Words like that hurt a lot of good people...people you'd actually probably like if you opened up enough to meet them
Derogatory slurs to a person extremely bad and I am quite sure that there are other words you can express yourself with.
Retard is a horrible word to describe people, it make impact others differently and be offensive. I recommend using another choice of word.
I think all Americans should have to serve 2 years in the military and then be on reserve if needed.
Peach cobbler is even better than peach pie.
Fire resistant clothing is supposed to retard flames.
Elton John is a musician not a woodsman.
That would be like a tugboat in dutch - side boat.
Just say that you don't agree with them but don't attack their race just because of your feelings.
To be honest every nationality has smart and not so smart people. It isn't that any race is smarter than another. Together we're equal.
They are just Canadians friend and they are just like us.
I love Canadians!  I swear their so much nicer than us!
No need to use such hateful comments. Your opinion can easily be explained in a better method
Funny thing is when they did the test on everyone's cell phone I didn't get the alert.
Even if you dislike someone, you could use better language to show that.
Don't call her that just because you don't like her.
I think she should of waited until after his Presidency because he is just too powerful.
If the article upsets you so much, then don't read it and don't bother posting about it.
Pokeman was cool but I'm not paying for the app.
Your opinion is well worded, but the slur in the middle isn't needed. It detracts from the strength of the argument.
When you use that word it only makes you look bad, and people will lose respect for you.
While this person may prefer to march in his parade, it's still not appropriate or kind to call him names!
Using the n-word does not impress anyone. You should consider learning to get along with other races. We are all the same on most levels.
I am not sure the argument to this post, but I don't think it would be a bad idea to clean up our language a little!
No one should be ashamed to be albino, or any other skin color. Everyone is entitled to self-esteem, but insulting others means you lack it.
I don't agree with the fact that Abino's have bad genes and I do not think we should call them hateful things!
There is nothing to indicate Obama has any mental disability, and using that word is hurtful to those that do.
I don't think calling anyone hurtful names is a good idea!  There are nicer ways to get a point across!
Your racist attitudes will only limit your opportunities in life.
I'm thinking that maybe we should try and refrain from using hateful and ugly language when speaking about others!
Please refrain from the hurtful speech toward those who have caused you no harm.
It is very improbable that you could correctly make those assumptions about such large groups of society.
Please express your thoughts with words that are less derogatory.
Hey, perhaps you could reconsider how you use some of your language in public arenas. Thanks.
Please remove the ambushes on people and use more affable language.
The content of your discussion and the generalised assumptions that you are making could be very offensive to large groups of society.
Despite having anger at the issue, please consider who is hurt by the language you use.
Some of the phrases that you are using would be offensive and aggressive. Please reconsider your language.
Please give your opinion without the harsh language.
Please reconsider your use of aggressive and offensive language, as it may well offend large groups of other users. Thanks.
There is no correlation between liberals and people with special needs
You are right, which is why you should not use these words yourself.
you may only be joking but this could and does offend many people. leave these comments in your head and dont voice them via your keyboard
The FBI protects all people in the USA
You should look up the history of the FBI in the Civil Rights movement.
the fbi arent perfect but they do there best, please dont use that language they are here to keep us all safe after all
Gun Control doesn't work, people have mental health issues
It must be exhausting to spend so much energy hating so many people at once.
wow getting rather personal and rude, there is enough hate in this world within you fuelling even more. please stop
The color of your skin does not justify your statement
It would be very easy to have this conversation without the inclusion of anti-semitism or slurs.
as always religion becomes personal, surely you lot wouldnt say this to each other in personal so dont say it from your keyboard.
Who said there is or isn't love by the color of their skin
Perhaps you should yourself try to be more accepting of people who aren't like you.
no need for those comments they are only trying to promote the good work. i hope you never need any like
Describing people you don't like this way is really offensive to people with a serious medical condition.
I don't even know what that means, try articulating your point without the racial slurs.
The fact that you use racial slurs in the same post you say good morning is sad.
I don't agree with the actions in the video, either, but the sexual slurs are not necessary. The video speaks for itself.
Please don't use gender insults or suggest someone should get hurt thats not nice.
That word is highly offensive to women. You are actually alienating people who would otherwise agree with you.
Best practices teach us not to use such language. Refrain from doing so or face the consequences of removal from this forum.
Being so disrespectful towards someone does not help them consider your point of view.
This forum is intolerant of such language, which we define as hate speech. Kindly refrain from using this language moving forward.
Please reconsider your language in this forum where hate speech is not tolerated.
Being disrespectful towards someone doesn't help them to want to consider your opinion.
Kindly do not use verbal attacks in this thread. Failure to do so will result in removal and ban.
Hate speech is NOT tolerated in this thread or forum. If it continues you will be banned indefinitely.
Name calling speaks volumes about one's character.
Regardless of what we believe, I don't think it's right to undermine someone's religious beliefs and call them racial slurs and names.
Religion tends to be enlightening and not the opposite as you claim
Not the worst comment ever, but still hurtful!  I believe we can use better language and not be so offensive if we just try a little!
A disabled child should not be used as political fodder
It is not necessary to describe a person in a derogatory manner to show you disagree with their opinions and actions
I feel people could communicate more efficiently if we refrained from using foul language!  We should be more thoughtful with our writing!
I certainly am not in agreement with any of the above comments, but at least it was kept civil
Nothing is accomplished by threatening someone for their opinions and beliefs no matter how much you disagree with them
I think if we could avoid using bad language ou conversations would be more mentally uplifting!
I dont think that would be a proper monetary image and not one I would want representing America.
I believe we should really work on cleaning up our language and using more thoughtful and intelligent responses!
referring to someone in a derogatory or degrading manner does not make you right.  Terms like Nazi and Cunt are derogatory
leave that sorted comment where it belongs, no where! turn off your internet and please calm down
Language denigrating the mentally challenged is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
you can express your views without that kind of bad language. speak how you wish to be spoke to and then we can talk
valid comment bar your last 3 words. you went too far. after all special needs has nothing to do with it.
Derogatory terms for the mentally retarded are unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
dont get personal you dont even know each other. justice is key, your words are not
Derogratory terms for the mentally challenged are unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
you may have a valid point but please comment without that kind of offensive language please
That's very vulgar and offensive to all women!
If you would like to get your message across properly, I insist that you speak more politely. In these situations It's easier to understand.
This language is violent and offensive and constitutes hate speech directed at women.
You should find another way to voice your disapproval besides offensive slurs.
I personally can not agree with your opinion if a response does not correctly explain an opinion, but rather a negative reasoning.
This language is incredibly racist. It's unacceptable hate speech, these comments are derogatory and wrong.
This isn't a funny comment, it is really offensive towards disabled people.
There is a better way to explain your feelings. A negative approach is inconsistent. Please be advised that you will be banned.
The word retarded is highly offensive to the intellectually disabled and is derogatory language that shouldn't be used.
Sexuality has nothing to do with this discussion.
I do not approve of this language. If you continue to approache negatively, there will be consequences.
The hatred towards women shown by using that word is really disheartening.
I can see that you have an opinion on this stressful matter. Perhaps a positive approach will get your message across better.
could excuse this bar the last 3 words. please realise that people are just trying to do what they think is right
I believe there are more creative and classy ways of expressing oneself!  Not all this hateful language making people look silly!
no need for that r word. you just shoudnt have commented
Let's all try and watch how we talk!  It may be a joke to you, but hurtful to someone else!
very creative description ruined by the use of the n word. no place in society for that language please dont post again
The comments in the post made me laugh, but I don't agree with the hateful language used!  There are better ways to get your point across!
if you cant stand the heat (repsonse) get out the kitchen, dont turn up the temp instead. dont reply in the future
I understand that it's fun to joke around with people, but perhaps we can watch out for each other and try to encourage better language.
no need to comment in the first place, helps no one. get on with something more meaningful with your life that being mean
I believe everyone is entitled to have their own opinion, but perhaps we should try to moderate our speech and choose better language.
That is a poor quality erotic story you are telling.
Maybe instead of focusing on hateful language, we could work on being smart and talking about things with a bit of class!
I don't understand all this calling people a dutch side.
I don't agree that calling some hateful names is a really great way to get your point across!
Midas had the golden touch
This issue may be important, but I don't think it is necessary to use hateful language and call people hurtful names!
George Washington farmed hemp.
Yes, you are entitled to your opinion, but I feel there are better ways of expressing oneself without the use of crass language.
I need a translator.
I know it is tempting to be hateful towards those we disagree with, but I still think we should try to use better language in our posts!
Opinions aside, these are very hurtful generalizations. Can you rephrase your thoughts and share more constructively how you feel?
Although this isn't the forum that's strict on pc, I doubt that all overweight people are nasty. And that every conservative is healthy.
None of this is at all constructive, helpful or appropriate. You have completely undone your stance and none of this makes any sense.
With all the things going on in the world, we should put our passions to better use.
Inappropriate. Clearly you disagree with what the others are saying. Why do you feel this way? In other words, why do you disagree?
What is the point in adding this comment here
I wish we could all be more tolerant of each other.
I am trying to find how that reply is relevant to this post.
Insults based on religion are not ok.
Language that demeans based on race or gender is not ok
Your post uses speech that denigrates race, sex and gender in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Services Agreement.
Please do not use insensitive outdated terms to describe  anything.
Please do not use a persons religion as an insult.
Please do not use terms that are offensive to women.
Please do not use terms that degrade women.
And a hateful person is still a hateful person.
That is a really rude and derogatory term, I dont think its appropriate.
And you are just an uneducated hater.
This isn't an appropriate word to use, it refers to a serious medical condition.
There are better ways to describe a person, I would try to be respectful to people with handicaps.
I think you need to read up on the definition of the word
You obviously really hate women. I hope you don't have a mother, wife or daughter.
I understand your angry but that descriptor is so hateful.
How about every man who refuses to step up also get a bullet in their head then?
Another creep. Sexuality has nothing to do with it.
That is a really hurtful word to use, there are better ways to describe bad people.
That is so unnecessary, it added nothing at all.
This man stands up for women and African Americans. I have not seen you two standing up for anything but hate.
This is terrible. He starts out fine, but then disrespects our leader. I don't agree with any President 100% but I sure do respect them!
It seems that you fellas are confused. it's the student who wants to do away with the courts because he is afraid of being accused.
Kids today have no respect for elders. I think they should have to right to free speech but let this man speak for himself first.
I think I heard someone call an African-American smart! Well, well.
I don't think Kanye can be put in the same sentence as the new rap. He is from a very different time in rap.
Some people just do not know bible history, but they are ignorant, not the r word. Have patience, and teach them.
If you explained why you thought that without the negative comment, he may be able to tell you why he thought that.
It is sad that you blame it all on Obama and a few people. The American people are to blame for accepting fear and voting for Trump.
I never cared for Obama but he was our President, and he deserves more respect than that. Try to be more respectful.
Being a "Smug twat waffle" has nothing to do with the transgressions committed and serve no purpose in this response
Using this language accomplishes nothing and will not affect the behavior of others
This language is offensive and constitutes hate speech directed at the intellectually disabled and LGBT people.  Its derogatory and wrong.
Use of this word does not explain the experiment or introduce any new information
This language is offensive and constitutes hate speech directed at LGBTQ people.  The word faggot specifically is derogatory and wrong.
the use of this language offers nothing to the post and does not pose a new point of view or response to those presented
This language is offensive and constitutes hate speech directed at LGBTQ people and Jewish people.  Its derogatory and wrong.
These phrases and terms of reference have no value and offer only negative connotations for the person writing them
This language is offensive and constitutes hate speech directed at women and Black people.  Its derogatory and wrong.
I wish that you would take people's pain more seriously.
Kavanaugh was never guilty. It was all political. His accuser was used a pawn.
If you knew more disabled people I don't think you would be able to use this kind of rhetoric.
People who have true mental illness can be very intelligent. He might just be the prefect person for the job. Stop judging so much.
I hope you realize that you are talking about the death of a human being.
Police should be respected. Name calling about a man who risked his life and now is dead isn't necessary.
It's not appropriate to use such extreme slurs to try to insult people.
Using bots to create drama isn't very adultlike. Perhaps find a better use of your time.
I wish that you would not try to look for reasons to disbelieve victims of violence.
Look I get the anger at Ford but I think we aren't seeing the whole picture. She was used as a pawn in a very big fight.
That's a ridiculous statement, as it would refer to yourself as well.
Using "tw-t" pejoratively here is offensive and should be avoided.
That's not very helpful, to call names.
The use of "fa--ot" here as a pejorative is patently offensive and should be eliminated.
Please do not write sexist things on this site.
Please do not post homophobic content here, it is not necessary.
That the dumbest argument I have ever heard. If you don't want to sound like an idiot try picking your words wisely.
Trump is an idiot. I'll give you that. But WTF, when you use that language you're offending a huge group of people and their families.
Please do not post racist posts here, it is not good.
Y'all need to stop talking like you're living in the 1930's. Let's focus on the problem instead of name calling like a bunch of children.
The person was a weak-minded asshole.

ftfy without the negative and demeaning language :)
This language is racist and constitutes hate speech directed at Black people and Hondurans.  It's derogatory and wrong.
This language is offensive and constitutes hate speech directed at the gay community.  Calling someone a faggot is derogatory and wrong.
This language is highly anti-semitic and constitutes hate speech directed at Jewish people.  It's derogatory and wrong.
Use of the hatred and slurs here is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults and alienates others.
Invidious racism ("obviously superior whites") plus the "n word" each mark these post as hate speech, which is banned.
I don't think using words to demean a persons race or faith are careful in conversation.
Using "c--t" to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Name calling the person you dislike isn't going to change anything.
Rampant racism, plus the "n word" cause this effluvia to be banned here.
Using a derogatory term to describe someone you disagree with is putting down those with actual mental disabilities.
You don't have to be offensive to state your case.
Homophobic slurs do nothing to add to your political position.
I know some people can be very frustrating, but perhaps we can keep the bad language and name-calling at a dull roar!
You should have stopped with the first statement only.
Be sure you know how to spell before calling other people names or you will look foolish.
While you may be correct in your facts, I still think it is not the nicest thing to call anyone an offensive name!
The use of that word mocks people who are genuinely disabled.
Everyone is entitled to their own opinion, but using hurtful language is never a good way to get one's point across!
Let's try to stick to your opinions only, without the slurs.
Sexuality has nothing to do with your political opinion.
While I personally agree with your statement, I don't agree with the use of the inappropriate language!
This is not helpful. Just state your case without the name calling.
You have missed the point when you decided to use racial slurs.
I know everyone is entitled to their opinion, but there has to be better ways of getting our points across without the use of bad language.
Demeaning one group of people while standing up for another group of people comes across as contradictory.
It's not effective to defend one group while using ugly words toward another.
Wow I didnt realize how much Saudi Arabia invested in us. Have more respect for the President regardless of your differences.
Using more respectable language will more likely encourage others to join you on your side.
You should not allow your hatred of women to influence these decisions.
I am a woman and I voted for Trump. Not all women dislike his ways or ideas.
Saying "foolish" or "mistaken" would be even more effective than something related to a serious condition.
It's not going to help your argument to use such hateful words.
You may have a valid argument, but using terms like that will not be helpful.
Your opinion would come across better if you left out certain phrases regarding groups of people.
This seems like an unprovoked attack and I don't know how you can justify it.
To be honest we all came from an immigrant at one point in the gene pool. Unless you're American Indian and they were already here.
It's better to not react instead of getting upset and using hurtful language if you can't get your point across in other ways.
I hope that you can see that this rhetoric has brought down the whole conversation.
Both of you could have a great debate. But you need to keep the personal attacks to a minimum. It only takes away from your point.
I dislike the use of this word because it is foul language and unnecessary when speaking about others.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to accomplish anything.
While I agree that offensive words should not be used, we also need to be careful that our responses are not hateful as well!
Hateful language like this makes me feel sad and tired!  Surely there are better and more kind ways of getting our points across.
Even if someone is less intelligent than you, it doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of.
Facial expressions can definitely look silly, but I feel we should try to abstain from making hurtful remarks about anyone!
I get that certain people are hard to deal with, but name calling, hateful language, and racial slurs are not the best way to communicate!
What is wrong with tattling? He probably did the right thing. Stop being a jerk.
The foul language and name calling is not neccassary as it has nothing to do with the tooic at hand.
Removing the foul language may help others see your point of view as being more valid.
I hope that's not how you view people. There are other ways to describe others.
Using a word like that to describe women shows a lack of respect.
The people will decide who she is. I'm sure there is al lot of thing people would say about you.
TURDS IN THE BOTTOM OF YOUR SEPTIC TANK STINK LIKE HELL !!
You can disagree with his politics without using racial slurs.
Those useful idiots aren't desperate and downtrodden. They are well paid opportunistic paid actors
Race has nothing to do with this conversation and the slurs are not necessary.
That article has a pretty reasoned take but if you want to argue against it go ahead
I agree with your opinion, but the use of such an offensive anti-female slur is inappropriate.
Its a party
Mocking the disabled has nothing to do with politics.
Please do not use derogatory language for women and religious slurs.
that language isn't productive
That's a really hateful response to a simple news article!
We are all equal human beings and we should respect each other as such. judge the former president's policies but don't not his race.
Eradicate the abusive language and use more appropriate language.
Hillbillies are wonderful people, try to keep your mind in better places to stay focused.
Wipe out the cruel attacks on others and utilize more benign words.
We are all American. We should follow the golden rule teach each other with respect.
Please give your impressions of things without the abusive words.
You never know how your language will affect someone in their personal life. It is best to be kind it is good for your soul
Please express your views without the distasteful text.
Homosexual people find that word offensive, let's not name call each other
Please think about what you say because the communications are demeaning.
I understand your point, but watch the language.  It's offensive and takes away from your argument.
I like this group, but we'd get more people to stay and debate if we back off the language just a bit.
I think your argument is on point, but maybe back off the language a bit.  It's quite offensive to many.
I can't stand Obama either, but watch the language a bit.  It only serves to distract from your argument.
We would appreciate if you would kindly clean up your language Sir. Thank you.
I love steak and potatoes!
Please be more careful what you post on our site. Thank you.
An awful way to treat an older person. They lived  long life and it wasn't to be treated this way.
I don't really agree with anyone attacking innocent people, but I also don't think name calling is going to solve any problems!
we have no tolerance for hate speech and inappropriate language. Thank you
Talking down to those that are different is a sign of weakness not strength.
I agree that people can be aggravating, but calling them hateful names just encourages them and makes the writer appear less intelligent.
We would ever so appreciate if you would refrain from using inappropriate language. Thank you
Media does a great job of not telling us a lot. Hilary isn't my favorite but don't call a women such things.
While I can understand the dislike for Hillary, I do not believe that calling her vulgar names is a very classy way to express oneself.
This language is offensive and constitutes hate speech directed at women.  It's derogatory and sexist.
This language is horribly anti-semitic and constitutes hate speech directed at Jewish people.  These comments derogatory and wrong.
This language is offensive & constitutes hate speech directed at the intellectually disabled. Use of the word retard is derogatory & wrong.
This language is offensive and constitutes hate speech directed at Jews, and Black people.  Its derogatory and wrong.
Fighting hate speech with hate speech isn't going to change anything.
This language is racist, offensive and constitutes hate speech directed at Black people.  Calling someone a n****r is derogatory and wrong.
Using a derogatory term against people you dislike is putting down those with actual mental disabilities.
Name calling the people you dislike isn't going to help anyone.
User3 don't bring sexuality into this argument.
I am sure we can really debate this issue you have without using name-calling like a child.
Race really doesn't indicate that you are more likely to be a horrible person; Exhibit A, @User1.
No one is going to take you serious when you use language and preposterous claims . Please enlighten me on your argument, with some facts.
Please do not use derogatory racial slurs or homophobic insults.
Please do not use derogatory sexist insults.
Please refrain from using derogatory terms for females and people of any race.
Just because someone is a different religion or race than you doesn't mean they are a bad person.
Please refrain from attacking people based on national origin or religion. Please refrain from using derogatory terms for females.
Using words that attack someone's disability or gender identity don't contribute to understanding.
Please do not use derogatory ethnic and religious slurs.
Using foul language like that to describe a woman shows a serious lack of respect.
Using racial slurs to describe someone speaks volumes about your character.
Name calling never has good outcomes.
There are much more appropriate words that should be used to replace the foul language.
The tern "fa--ot" encapsulated homophobic hatred, and as such is not permitted here..
Your post has no point except spewing homophobic hate.
This post mocks those with a severe medical condition.
Both the venomous terms "b--ch" and "c--t," and the misogynistic hatred they express, are not permitted in this forum.
No need to use anti-female slurs. Let the article speak for itself.
Name calling the person you dislike isn't going to solve any problems.
Though charmingly illiterate, nevertheless including "c--t" pejoratively causes your comment to be banned as hate speech.
You are obviously too upset to write in coherent sentences, because all that is coming out is anti-female slurs.
Balanced between jejune racism (the n word) and odorous antisemitism ("k-ke"), this post gives 2 clear reasons to be excluded as hate speech
This conversation took a sharp turn. The racial slurs add nothing to the discussion.
It doesn't make sense to hate an entire race based on the actions of a few people.
Racist language like that is not acceptable. Please moderate your speech in future.
You all must be very insecure people to hate people that are different than you so much. Work on your self-esteem.
Please note that racist language and sentiments cannot be tolerated.
I find very sad that you feel that way. All human are created equal and skin color doesn't matter. Ancient britons had dark skin, you know.
Please do not use racist language.  Express yourself with more respect.
Anybody who uses the slurs that you use doesn't seem like a good person to me. I hope you can change.
I get you're not a fan of the Obama admin. I wonder how you could get that across in a way that people will listen, understand your POV.
I thought you were talking about European history! It seems all humans can be capable of corruption and atrocities. Let's lift each other up
Imagine if we all went back home to Africa, the cradle of human civilization.
So weird to see the words "hate" and "pray" in the same post. Those terms seem to be mutually exclusive. WWJD...
Healthy debates are a learning opportunity when they don't get reduced down to name calling because of differences in opinion/resources.
Your comment adds nothing to the discussion and make it difficult for others to join in.
Your post proves nothing but your hate for every minority. Perhaps you should post actual content instead of just slurs.
This is a lot of hate to pack into a single sentence and it should really give you pause.
Attacking someone's sexuality has no impact on what you are trying to accomplish.
Your hate speech combined with threats of bodily harm are very concerning.
I hope that you can see that what you are talking about is a violent crime.
When discussing race or using sexist remarks be mindful of trying to direct the narrative so the discussion can be more beneficial.
It is frightening that even such mundane things as travel have become laced with racial hatred.
It's harming you as well to make such sweeping assumptions about an entire race of people.
Easier to ignore someone you don't like then voice an opinion without backing it up.
That is a very strange reaction to a post about youtube. Race has nothing to do with it.
Please don't talk about other human beings with the intention to be hurtful.
Think about using other words to show that someone did something wrong instead of tying it to someone's mental capacity.
Using that word mocks seriously disabled people. I'm sure that's not what you intended, but that's the end result.
If you knew more disabled people I don't think that you would use these words.
The use of foul language doesn't make one's point more valid.
Hate speech based on religion ("ki-e"), race (the n word) or sexual orientation (fa--ot) is banned here. Please refrain.
Both the term "ret--d(s)," and the homophobic hatred exhibited here, offend many and must be avoided.
Using a derogatory term against the people you disagree with is insulting to those with actual mental disabilities.
Talking down to someone in such a way as this speaks volumes about one's character.
Such an emission of homophobia ("fa--ot") and hatred, is cause for this verbal effluvia to be banned.
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are worth less than you.
There is no need to use such speech in any capacity.
Please avoid using terms that are pejorative towards a certain gender or vulgar terms for genitalia.
Sexist slurs are not permitted on this forum.
When you post a video, expect others to give their opinions. You should respond in a more appropriate manner.
Please avoid using terms that are pejorative towards religion or sexual orientation.
Slurs on the basis of race, religion, or sexual orientation are not permitted on this forum. Please avoid hate speech in your responses.
That word is hurtful to a group of people and there are plenty of better words to use
Please do not use terms that are directed in a harmful way towards those with disabilities.
There is no need for such hateful speech. Just because you dislike a group of people, you shouldn't defame them.
These terms are derogatory and harmful - please do not use language that encourages hate towards any racial group.
The words Negroid and nigger are racial slurs and are not permitted on this forum.
Opinions are more respected when you don't use hateful language
Terms used are derogatory towards those with intellectual disabilities, please use appropriate language.
Please stop using ableist slurs to refer to people you think are acting stupidly
perhaps an ok view but dont use the r word, wrong contexts and highly offensive.
possibly fair response but not need to say tw*t. the information is limited at best
Calling someone a "twat" does not prove anything, calling them worthless or irresponsible is more appropriate
It's ironic that you would use a homophobic slur in an attempt to defend Jewish people.
why even talk about this, has no benefit to anyone and can only fuel hatred that does help us or please us.
using religious words as slang and in a derogatory manner is offensive
Do not use offensive ableist slurs to describe people you disagree with.
ok you may not like this liberal group but reframe from th language and assumptions not every liberal matches you statement. please think
Do not blame all ills in the world on one nationality
a religion cannot be a problem, lack of understanding can be. perhaps look at the wider picture before commenting
The use of profanity and name calling accomplishes nothing when you are trying to protect the nation.  You need better identifiers
Attacking someone's race is a lazy way to speak out against them, and it is morally wrong.
That is ridiculous. You are paranoid. No one is invading our country. We need immigration to grow as a country.
Your hatred of women has no basis in fact or logic. You sound like a crazy person.
You are being a cruel person. Black, white, we are all the same inside. You should get out more.
why don´t we try not to be so rude?
Tone it down a bit man, goddamn
Tone it down; you don't like them sure but take out the slurs
The hell; no need for slurs
Try not to be rude please
I get that you're mad but you don't need to throw hate speech around
This is an offensive term and it was unecessary to use it
Perhaps you could give a title or two of the types of movies you are referring to instead of describing them the way you did here.
Just because somebody has a different belief, lifestyle, or intelligence than you doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of.
This comment is full of offensive terms and I have trouble making any sense out of it because the offensive terms make me shut down
Perhaps you could express your anger using only the person's actions and not against their perceived sexuality or genetic heritage.
It doesn't make sense to call someone racist while you using words that are racist.
These comments are full of racial slurs
If your intention is to convince others of a coming problem, your point would be better made using less sensationalized speech.
It doesn't make since to hate an entire religion of people based on the actions of a few people.
This is full of offensive terms
Others tend not to listen to arguments that include sensationalized speech. Your ideas will be heard better without terms like Nazi jew.
Using a derogatory term to describe something you dislike is putting down the people with actual mental disabilities.
The term used in this post is offensive and is unecessary
If you feel this idea is truly ridiculous, perhaps comparing it to a learning disability is too kind. Perhaps tell what bothers you instead.
Racially derogatory depictions of speech are not acceptable. The C word is not acceptable.
Racist language like that will not further your cause.
Messages derogatory to women and encouraging violence are not acceptable.
Misogynistic death-threats, the word "c--t," these are vicious, virulent, hateful and banned.
I understand your anger, but violent talk achieves nothing.
The N word and negative racial depictions of language are unacceptable. Please refrain from its use.
The "n word," racism, and disabled-bashing are sufficiently hateful to warrant a ban here.
I think it's difficult to imagine being in their shoes.
The N word is unacceptable, please refrain from using it.
The n word is not necessary here to make your point.
You need to take the re word out of your vocabulary, there are so many other words you could use that would carry more weight.
The term you have used here is derogatory and offensive towards the disabled community. You need to be more careful with your words.
Using those words only encourages the hate.
Using that speech can get you popped for a hate crime these days, you need to stop being a hateful biggot.
The language you have used here is racist, and offensive towards other ethnicities. You need to prevent harm by using better word choices.
I couldn't even read what you said after your hate speech you had to spew out, you need to grow up and not use such language.
The term you have used here is derogatory and offensive towards the gay community. You need to use a better choice of words!
Keep the degrading hateful words out of it and just state your point.
You need to grow up and stop throwing racial hate speech around like it's nothing, you are a hateful human being for speaking in such a way.
The terms used here are derogatory towards the gay community, and this is not tolerated. You need to be more careful with your word choices.
No one is going to tell anyone anything until you can clean up your language.
The term you have used here is derogatory, and can hold offense towards women. You need to be more careful with your word choices.
Wow, stop being so racist. Thanks.
No point in using that language, just support your argument
Race should not be used as an insult.  That’s hate speech and detracts from any other argument you are presenting.
Your comment is nonsense, disrespectful, and racist.
There is no use using that language here, just make a valid argument instead
Wow, calm down that racism. Thanks.
That doesn't help your argument here...
Sexual orientationand disability are not something to insult someone over.
You are being the only offensive one, insulting the mentally challenged, gay people, and more.
Using that language doesn't help you make your point... it actually detracts from it
I wish that you wouldn't use a word like this as a casual insult.
please dont refer to women in that manner
You need to embrace that there are a lot of people in the world that are not like you.
you should stop using language that offends women and Muslims
I hope this isn't a threat against gay people.
its not appropriate to insult gay people to make your argument
Please don't use this word to describe women that you are unhappy with.
It doesn't make sense to hate someone you don't even know based on what the media says.
there is no need to use that word is proper discourse
If you knew more gay people I don't think you would be able to use these words.
please dont use that word as a general insult
POINTS CAN BE MADE WITHOUT SLANDER OR PROFANITY
Please do not use inappropriate language here. Thank you
profanity and derogatory comments are not permitted
We do not tolerate this sort of language.  Please refrain. Thank you.
opinions can be stated without slander
Please no foul language usage. Thank you
opinions can be stated without slander and profanity
Please do not use foul language here. Thanks
arguments can be made without profanity or derogatory remarks
We would appreciate if you would be kind so everyone here can enjoy our site. Thank you.
Religion is hard to prove, there's no point in getting angry and calling people who don't believe the same supernatural things you do.
There needs to be more sensitivity associated with the LGBT. All religions, ethnicities, and social groups deserve tolerance.
These posts are banned for hatred and hate speech directed at: the disabled, gays, black people, and muslims--all protected groups.
That comment in my opinion lets us all know your true fantasy
All religions, ethnicities, and social groups deserve tolerance.
This post, because it directs knee-jerk hatred at Muslims and women, is banned.
The nice thing about the internet is it's actually is your choice to see her, and being hateful to someone who's entertaining you is strange
Both "b--ch: and "c--t" here indicate vehement misogynistic hatred and as such are banned.
Sad when an insult that probably took a lot of thought makes no sense
The violence doesn't need to be escalated.
Calling women "c--t(s)" is hateful, humiliating and demeaning; it must be avoided here.
Assuming an entire religion is less intelligent than you when every person is different, doesn't make any sense.
The R word is highly offensive.  Spread the word to end the word!
Just because someone has different opinions than you doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you.
There needs to be more sensitivity regarding language associated with the LGBT community.
Hating an entire race of people based on the actions of a few people, doesn't make any sense.
The N word is highly offensive.   All ethnicities and social groups deserve tolerance.
Please refrain from using that word, as it promotes hate and unhealthy language.
When you are racist toward people they will no longer want to be around you.
Please don't use these derogatory terms before considering the effect it will have on the group discriminated against.
I don't think that you should be so happy about the death of any person.
Please consider the impact that this has on people with that mental condition.
I don't think it's them that's making conservatives look bad.
Please have constraint on language you use before throwing insults left and right to groups that suffer when you say things like that
I don't see why any of this is funny to you or why you're choosing to make it a joke.
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
I understand you are angry, but there is no need to use that language.
Please don't be so cavalier about using words that could really hurt people.
Please refrain from using derogatory gender language.
That word alienates women who would probably agree with your point.
No need to use offensive language toward ethnic groups.
I understand you don't like the royal family, but all the hate slurs are excessive.
Racism, and the accompanying tsunami of antisemitic hatred, though imbecilic, is nevertheless likely to cause your swift ejection.
Do not use derogatory language when referring to sexual orientation or race.
Your racial and homophobic slurs are not welcome here, either.
"Fa--ot" is a term of hate, so has no place in adult debate. Please avoid its use, or you may be subject to ejection here as well.
Do not use derogatory language to refer to racial differences.
Race has nothing to do with this informative article. Mental illness affects all races.
Prejudice, using the "n word", discrimination, and antagonism directed against those of a different race--it's all bad, mad and sad---avoid.
Please refrain from derogatory language in referring to a persons race or sexuality.
Sexuality has nothing to do with your political standpoint.
You didn't need to refer to that person in such a disgusting way, you can express yourself without using hatespeech.
Come on don't use that word. It makes LGBTQ+ people feel threatened and contributes to a negative image of LGBTQ+ people.
These people you are reffering to in a very derogitorry term are just human beings looking for a better life.
Referring to latinx people with that language adds to negative stereotypes  and any act of violence will be held to account.
You need to be ashamed of youself for using such hateful speech to describe a human being, you spew your vile words like you are better.
Your views on the LGBTQ+ community are ignorant and inhumane. Do not expect to be welcomed with views like that.
What a racist hateful comment, your mother should be ashamed of herself for rasing such a scum human being.
Calling people by those terms does not make you a bigger person, it makes you weak minded.
The N word is highly offensive.  All ethnicities and social groups deserve tolerance.
You should think a lot more carefully about using slurs towards a federal judge.
The N word is highly offensive.  All religions, ethnicities, and social groups deserve tolerance.
This is a hurtful stereotype, I don't think you would want these people talking that way about you.
I think you are missing the point entirely about the rhetoric that you are willing to use.
I don't know where you are getting your facts but your anecdotes seem exaggerated.
This is a really ugly thing to say to any person.
Your post contains homophobic language, please refrain from posting that.
Foul language shows a lack of a good vocabulary.
This post could be considered offensive to those with mental disabilities.
Removing the foul language will make the post more valid.
This post could be considered offensive to people with mental disabilities and the LGBT community.
Please do not post racist slurs on this site, it is not tolerated.
Talking down on others speaks volumes about one's personality.
Please do not promote sexism on this website.
It doesn't make sense to hate an entire religion or race based on the actions of a few people.
Hey there, Anti-Semitic and racist comments are extremely hurtful and offensive. Please don't use these types of comments . Thank you
It doesn't make since to have an entire religion based on the actions of a few people.
It isn't necessary to use a slur like this to talk about someone that you're happy with.
This is a really weird leap to make and I think that you just want to use this language.
There needs to be more sensitivity regarding language associated with the LGBT community.  The N word is highly offensive.
If you think about things in these terms you are always going to feel outnumbered.
"We win, you lost" is a child's argument.
Kavanaugh was given a raw deal. I feel for his family.
There is no point in posting that hate speech
Just because she is a Democrat doesn't mean you should call her such a name, be more respectful.
For the record, being Muslim doesn't mean someone isn't from this country, and dissent is rooted in free speech rights.
I don't see any evidence of her doing that. Show me.
No point in using offensive language to make your point here...
You gripe when people are uneducated and don't work, you gripe when they take loans to get educated. It's impossible to win.
She isn't dumb for attempting to be educated. Our country is in a lot of student debt, me included.
A woman can be strong without being gay, and it's 2019 anyway-no one cares if a woman is a "bull dyke" any more.
I think he is ok. I wouldn't say he's all that bad.
Please review our user policies during your account suspension. You can appeal this action by emailing a Moderator. Reddit thanks you
Sexual orientation and race are not something to insult someone over.
Whoa there. racist and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
First and final warning, hate speech is not tolerated on Reddit. Please review our user policies and avoid any punitive action in the future
National origin should not be used as an insult.  That’s hate speech and detracts from any other argument you are presenting.
Your fellow Redditors with mental and physical disabilities ask that you take greater care with your adjectives in the future. 1st warning.
Disability is not something anyone should make fun of or demean.
Your account is suspended. We insist that you review our user policies. You can email a Moderator to appeal this action. Have a nice day
Spelling doesn't count when it comes to hate speech. Review our user policies and avoid such terms in the future. Final warning.
Please do not use racist terms here, it is not tolerated.
None of this is appropriate but it also doesn't give you permission to behave like this.
I hope you understand that disabled people are a very vulnerable group and are not involved in your hate.
Please express your feelings without using racist slurs.
You are willfully trying not to see what this story is telling you about racialized violence.
Please don't use racist and homophobic language on this site.
I hope you can see that all of this hatred is causing you to be paranoid.
This post could be considered offensive to homosexual people.
It's not okay to use homophobic slurs as if they're interchangeable with insults.
Using slurs against women and the disabled to voice your dislike for a man is unnecessary.
First and final warning: persons with disabilities or find a more appropriate adjective please. Your fellow Redditors thank you
Please do not use language that is degrading to women.
Race has zero to do with what kind of car he drives.
Your account has been suspended. Please review our user policies in the meantime. You can email a Moderator to appeal this action. Ty
That type of racist language is not acceptable.
No need to offend all African Americans over your political disapproval of one.
Hate speech is not tolerated on Reddit; this is a global community meant for all. Please review our user polices. Final warning.
Racist language like that is unacceptable. Please moderate your speech.
You could have just said you didn't like the movie instead of spewing hateful slurs against multiple groups.
Your account has been suspended. Please review our user policies. You can email a Moderator to appeal this action.
Please find a way to express your views without denigrating people on the basis of religion, race, ethnic origin or sexuality.
Our understanding of history obviously differs.
Your account has been closed and your IP recorded. Any further accounts opened will be suspended pending an appeal.
Please avoid degrading language about another person's religion or ethnic origins.
It's okay to dislike someone and their politics, but I think your point would carry more weight if you used more thoughtful language.
The term used here is derogatory, and targets the gay community. You need to use a better choice of words to prevent from offending others!
The term used here is derogatory, and targets the gay community. You need to use better language to prevent any harm towards others.
The term you have used here is derogatory, and is offensive to more people than you intended it to be. You need to use a safer word choice!
It doesn't make sense to judge someone you've never met based on what the media says.
What he did was inexcusable but by relying on stereotypes to insult him will hurt others as well. You called him racist but maybe reflect.
The language you have used is stereotypical, derogatory, and racist. There is no room for racism here. You need to reconsider your words.
It doesn't make sense to call someone a racist by using racist words.
Homophobia does little, and while you have right to condemn him, calling him a sexist name puts down the group you want to protect: women.
The term you have used here is unnecessary, and offensive towards the gay community. You need to refrain from using it to prevent any harm.
Each person is different. It is better to judge a person by their character, instead of their lifestyle choices.
There is no reason for callous slurs and namecalling - Your choice of words reflects on you
Good effort, friend. Downvotes coming.
Hateful words have no place in civil discourse - especially when describing a governmental body.
Basically the whole world is on the same page with the use of this word.
Hateful, bigoted language have no place in a respectful community such as this - Your words reflect on yourself as person
This seems like an overreaction.
Bigoted language serves no purpose in civil discourse, and this appears to be an attack on the other user.
This is a strangely specific descriptor. Such that I feel it has been prepared before this moment.
There's better ways to criticize things you don't agree with without misappropriating words harmful to the mentally disabled.
Of all the words in the english language, you've chosen one of the few you just can't say.
None of these derogatory are necessary as they are all unrelated and are not constructive.
Please refrain from using racist comments thank you.
Race doesn't determine someone's success or ability.
please do not use racist comments thank you
User 1, there is not logical sense in your comment. User 2, we should be past the point of making remarks about appearance.
please do not use insulting words thank you.
User 2, you can use constructive criticism of others without the use of derogatory remarks.
Making references to discriminatory references to black face, and the historical of mistreatment of African-Americans is unwarranted.
please do not use racist remarks thank you
Using such a vulgar term to describe a woman shows a serious lack of respect.
Using a harsh term like that to describe a woman shows a lack of respect.
It doesn't make sense to make fun of someone you've never even met.
Leaving the foul language out of a post will make it more pleasurable for others to read.
It doesn't make sense to make fun of a person that you don't truly know.
Language and derogatory terms attacking women is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
Please do not use sexist language on this site.
Please do not post homophobic and sexist slurs on here, it is not appropriate.
Derogatory and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thanks
Sexism has no place on this website.
Please do not post islamophobic content.
I think it's really telling how you two react to each other and what makes you angry.
Just because you disagree with someone you've never met doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of.
I wish that you would pay more attention to the woman at the heart of this who is expressing pain.
It doesn't make sense to hate an entire race of people based on the actions of a few people.
Your racism is causing you to eliminate things from your life that you would enjoy.
It's hard for me to believe that you look at other human beings and see them in this way.
Racist language is not allowed. Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
There is no reason to bring homophobic slurs into a conversation like this.
Perhaps you can make the connection between this treatment and black people not wanting to be around you.
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. Racist language is not allowed.
There must be better ways to make this argument without resorting to slurs.
You are willing to blame Jewish people because you feel powerless in your own life.
There is zero tolerance for racial slurs here
All religions deserve tolerance.
Every person is different. It is better to judge each person by their character rather than their religion.
Do not use derogatory language here
Please do not use racial slurs
Derogatory language of any kind will not be tolerated
Your choice of words are Offensive to many people.
If you use a word like that people are going to dismiss you as a racist.
There is literally no point in posting this
Please be respectful with your language.
You are entitled to your opinion but if you want others to listen to you about Taylor Swift, maybe use less hateful speech.
You can make your point without the language
She could have been promoted for being qualified and probably was.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
"Ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
People with mental disabilities have trouble with analytic thinking not telling the truth.
"Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race and/or disability and/or ethnicity in violation of Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
Just because you can find one example of it does not mean that it is true that "they" do it generally.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and so must be avoided.
Homophobic hate speech, and the pejorative use of "homo" and "fa--ot," are not permitted on Gab.
I think that the original meaning of red pill has been lost, you should look it up,
The term used here is derogatory, and offensive towards the gay community. You need to refrain from using this term in any context.
The term used here is offensive towards the disabled community, and not necessary to use as an insult. Please refrain from using it further.
The term used here is derogatory and exemplifies racism. It is not tolerated here. You need to refrain from using this hateful language.
The term you have used here is offensive towards the gay community, and can cause harm to others. You need to refrain from using it further.
Just because someone is the same sex doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of.
The term used here is derogatory and offensive towards the gay community. You can prevent harm by using a better word choice.
Stereotyping an entire race of people based on the example of a few people doesn't make any sense.
Perhaps the solution you are looking for is to see everyone as human and treat them with dignity.
Just because someone is a different race than you doesn't mean their opinion is less valid.
Perhaps your treatment of the black people around you is why they don't want to join you.
Use of the slur here is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults Mexicans.
It makes me uncomfortable for you to refer to these people this way.
Name calling and putting down the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
Something so simple should not have provoked this level of racism from you.
Assuming that an entire political party is not intelligent just because their opinion is different from yours, doesn't make any sense.
I don't think that you should be so cavalier about dismissing someone who has been raped.
Controversial videos/responses won't help anyone here
Using a term to put down gay people is making fun of people who have never done anything to hurt you.
Politics is a can of worms; she's a musician. Let's not get this thread killed.
Even if somebody does have a mental disability, it doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of.
I get your point, but some eloquence here might help others understand further.
There is no point in using that word to make your statement
Sometimes a reasonable point can be muddled by foul language. Can we rephrase?
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they deserve to be insulted.
If anyone has a serious point to make, please consider that rephrasing it with calm language might make it more likely to be understood.
Using that language doesn't help you make your point... it actually detracts from it guys
Just because someone is together with the opposite race doesn't mean they look down on their own race.
why bring up her colour, that should have no baring. best keep looking elsewhere for the news
There are more effective ways to describe someone  besides resorting to name calling.
strange way to describe a political view, less abuse and more actually proper language unless you want to be reported
say what, no need for the n word. perhaps you need to go back to school and learn some manner, reframe from posting further please
Talking down to someone because of their race speaks volumes about one's character.
what a strange analogy, just no need for it
Calling someone a foul name based on their race shows one's true character.
Homophobic hatred and antisemitism combine for objectionable hate speech that shall cause banning from the site.
Language attacking sexual orientation and religious background are unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
Using the term "tw-t" pejoratively is so offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
Name calling the person you disagree isn't going to solve anything.
Derogatory language towards women is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you are.
The N word and anti-Semitic language is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
Just because someone is a different race doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you.
Negative terms for the mentally challenged are unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
Racism, the "n word" and vehement antisemitism: these posts are hate soup, and therefore subject to vomitation.
Name calling isn't going to get someone to want to consider your point of view.
There needs to be more sensitivity regarding language when talking about those with intellectual disabilities.
Speaking down to someone speaks volumes about your character not theirs.
There needs to be more sensitivity regarding language when talking about the LGBT community.
Using foul language doesn't make your point any more valid.
There needs to be more sensitivity regarding language when talking about the LGBT community.  The violence doesn't need to be escalated.
There are more effective words that should be used to replace the vulgar language.
The R words is highly offensive.  Spread the word to end the word!
The term you have used is offensive towards the disabled community, whether you disagree or not! You need to be more careful with words.
Just because these platforms are against hate speech does not mean that they are against you politically.
The term you have used here is derogatory, and exemplifies racism. Racism is never tolerated! You need to be more careful with your words.
If you want them to stop it probably isn't a good idea to insult them.
I understand your frustration, but the term you have used is offensive towards the disabled community. Please be more aware of your words.
Instead of using that word you could use something like stupid, or dumb, or dense.
The language used is offensive to multiple communities of people, and not tolerated. You need to use better language to prevent harm.
There is nothing wrong with loving black people or anyone for that matter.
With all the foul language used it makes it hard to see one's point of view.
The term you have used is derogatory and racist, and there is zero room for racism here. You need to use less hurtful language.
It is good to point things out when they are in fact wrong.
Talking down on others because of their race shows one's true character.
The term you have used is a form of racism, and it has no place in this discussion. You need to be more careful with your word choices.
There is no need to throw racial hate speech into this, you can speak without using that language.
The language you are using is offensive, and is completely unnecessary in any context. You need to be more careful with your word choices.
No one is going to take you seriously with speech like that, you need to rethink your lifes choices.
The term you have used is a form of racism, and it has no place in this discussion. You need to use less hurtful language.
Nothing was gained from your racist and hateful comment.
The terms used here do not belong in an argument, as they offend other communities of people. Please be more careful with your word choices.
The conversation was going along just fine without speech like this, you have a vile mouth, you need to grow up little child.
The term you have used is derogatory towards women, and there are other words you can use that are less hateful. Be more careful!
There are a lot of other words you could use besides a hateful word against wemon. Think about what you say next time.
Rudness is mot necesary
There needs to be more sensitivity regarding language when talking about those with differing political views.
You shouldn't use this language against people who just disagree with you.
very unpleasant to read this
I hope you can step back and see that you are threatening violence against another human being.
Try not to be so rude please
There needs to be more sensitivity regarding language associated with the LGBT community. And all religions deserve tolerance.
None of these are things that you should be using as insults.
Nobody stands behind something like that, all women deserve respect.
Using a derogatory term against the people you disagree with is putting down the people with actual mental disabilities.
Language attacking ethnicity is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
The language you use is degrading to others so please eliminate the attacks.
Derogatory terms attacking any ethnicity is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
Please discontinue the hateful words and be gentler in your speech.
I can't believe you are suggesting injuring people who are protesting.
State your thoughts with care for others and not damaging language.
There isn't any evidence that Booker is a rapist.
Please declare your thoughts without the aggressive language toward others.
Your hate speech doesn't even make sense together.
Language attacking any ethnicity is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
Reveal your thoughts in a less demeaning way please.
I'm not sure your neighbor would like being called a spic.
Your posts uses speech that denigrates sex and gender in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Please use more decent words that are not offensive in expressing your opinions.
Please keep your observations to comments that are not hateful.
Your post uses speech that denigrates ethnicity and/or race in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race and sexual orientation in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Please discuss your thoughts in a way that is not demeaning.
Please do not mention hurtful remarks in your speech, but use kind words.
You should make more of an effort to see all these people equally.
This conversation is completely ridiculous and is hate speech. You need to reevaluate your decisions that have led to this point.
These offensive terms do nothing to add to your argument
These people are American citizens just like you are.
You need to stop this kind of racist language. This is completely unacceptable.
This term is offensive and is not going to help your argument
I hope that you can see that what you are advocating is murder.
This is awful anti-semitic language and is completely disgusting. You really need to stop.
This term is not acceptable
I don't think that it's going to help you to blame Jewish people for everything that goes wrong.
Watch the language please. Anti-semitic language is completely unacceptable and inappropriate.
This is not a necessary term to use
The right can't decide if the left is the liberal elite because of education or if the left is stupid.
People will be hurt regardless of their religion or political views.
Hate crimes are punishable by prison time. Which is an interesting fact to know.
Everyone should follow the rules and etiquette of online discussion.
That is a strangely specific scenario. It's clear you put a lot of thought into their fucking. Probably more than they did.
Please do not refer to people using ethnic slurs.
I really wish you wouldn't talk about Dickey that way. Or anyone. Ever again.
Can you be more specific about Durban?
I hope that you can see that what you are joking about is actually murder.
No use using that hate speech, just make a valid argument instead
Let us keep it civil.  This type of language is inappropriate and does nothing to add to the discussion.
I don't think that you should spend your time defending people like this.
Our laws were founded upon innocent until proven guilty.  Degrading language and accusation do nothing but distract.
This is a really meanspirited and small way to use such a hurtful slur.
I am sure we can find a way to be angry on the internet without resorting to offensive language.  Responding in kind does not help defuse.
This is a hurtful thing to say about the people who work hard to entertain you.
Language like that can be offensive.  Please do not continue to use it.
It doesn't make sense to hate an entire religion based on the actions of a few people.
Hi there, racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported
It doesn't make sense to make fun of an entire race of people just because of the actions of someone else.
Use of the n-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults blacks
I understand you are angry but using that term has a greater impact on people than you think.
Saying that can be going too far and be too offensive.
Please understand the consequences of saying stuff like that. It really could have a detrimental effect on people involved.
Talking about those things can effect people more than u think when using those slurs.
I know many people use this term freely, but it really does have a negative impact on people who suffer from this condition.
The R words is really offensive to those with intellectual disabilities.
Using that work can be harmful against people who are slower.
Please, before you blame these national problems on one race, consider how it affects the innocent members of that race.
There needs to be more sensitivity and tolerance regarding language when talking different religions and lifestyles.
Being so anti-semetic
Racism and using the "n word" is hate speech which is banned in this forum.
The "n word"" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary.
Using racial slurs to describe someone shows everyone your true personality.
Anti-Islamic hate speech is not permitted here.
Everyone is different. It is better to judge someone based on their character rather than their religion or lifestyle.
Anti-Islamic and homophobic hate will cause you to be banned from this forum; please avoid them.
Name calling does nothing but create pointless arguments.
Let's keep racial slurs outta sight as well.
The N word is highly offensive.   All religions, ethnicities and social groups deserve tolerance.
Let's keep the racism and homophobia off Gab.
Replacing the foul language will make the post more pleasurable to read.
Don't you hate it when the n word ruins a good arguement?
Name calling doesn't make one's point any more valid.
Sexual preference has no need in this conversation. You need to educate yourself.
These words a offensive on many levels and make you sound uneducated. You need to educate yourself instead of being hurtful.
It is good that you don't hate people. Hate won't actually get you anywhere.
Making fun of race doesn't make you sound educated.
The evidence actually shows immigrants are less likely to be criminals.
Your words are hateful on handicapped people. Educate yourself
Humans have always been generally ignorant and will like remain so. They are not becoming anything.
Please do not use language that denigrates others and stigmatizes mental illness.
Even if someone is less intelligent than you, it doesn't mean they are less than you.
Please do not use language that denigrates women.
It doesn't make sense to wish death on someone you've never even met.
Please do not use racist language.
Please do not make comments that denigrate people on the basis of their religion or ethnic origin.
Just because someone is a different religion than you doesn't mean they deserve to be abused.
Women and children and men of any race are subject to mistreatment and may take up less than desirable occupations.
Please refrain from using derogatory terms to describe others.
Sexual orientation is not something to insult someone over.
Please do not use derogatory, or hateful terms to describe others.
Sexual orientation and religion are not something to insult someone over.
please keep your comments professional
Please do not use derogatory terms to describe others.
Please speak English
Please do not use derogatory terms to describe others, there are other ways to make a point in a non-hateful way.
The majority of American's vote without knowledge of who and what they're voting for.
Please refrain from belittling others using derogatory terms.
I can see that this is really upsetting to you but I wish you wouldn't bring gay people into it.
You should research the hurtful history of this word in our country.
I don't understand why you are using people's identities as if they are insulting.
Please do not use derogatory homophobic language.
I wish you wouldn't use such intentionally hurtful words to talk about minorities.
Antisemitism should not be posted here, please do not promote it.
Hey there, Anti-Semitic and derogatory comments are extremely hurtful and offensive. Please don't use these types of comments . Thank you
Racist slurs are not tolerated here.
Please do not post transphobic content on this site.
The term you have used here is offensive to an entire ethnicity of people, and is a derogatory stereotype. Please use a better word choice.
All ethnicities and social groups deserve tolerance.
Shaming people for their weight or sexual choices isn't what you should be doing on this platform.
The terms you have used here are vulgar, and offensive towards the LGBT+ community. Please use language that is less harmful.
Judging people on thieir race isn't encouraged on this platform.
The language used here is derogatory, and offends other races as well as the disabled community. Please use less hurtful language here.
The R word is highly offensive.  Spread the word to end the word! All social groups deserve tolerance.
Calling people racial slurs is NOT allowed on this platform.
The term you have used is offensive and derogatory. Racism is not okay in any context. Please refrain from using this harmful term.
It is better to judge a person based on their character, instead of the religion they are part of.
To act like those who follow a religion all behave the same way is to admit to your narrow mindedness.
CNN probably didn't put it in words quite like that.
Stop being so racist.
This has an extremely offensive term that is not acceptable
This statement encompasses gender bias as well as violence. There are alternative ways to express frustration.
Stop using gender-based slurs
This is an offensive term and does not help your comment
There are two particular slurs here, one anti-Muslim and one anti-transgender. One individual does not represent a group on the whole.
Using transphobic remarks towards someone who is deceased speaks more about you than it does for them.
This uses an offensive slur that does not help you agrument
There is so much wrong with this statement. The only people who are going to destroy the white race is the white race.
The US needs to create more jobs that pay a living wage and give me one.
Hi There, xenophobic and racist slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
I guess we're just going to disregard all of science, then. And the constitution. Why is a developed nation even having this discussion?
Jesus hung with the prostitutes and tax collectors, perfect people didn't need him.
Whoa, homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thank you
I went to the circus once and left one once for unethical treatment of their animals.
If this comment were addressing the President, you might soon be proven right.
Benedict Arnold was a traitor or maybe a trader.
It's always been allowed to ask a friend to school dances. I went to plenty of dances "as a friend". He's normalizing gay. I'm here for it.
I like to play the pool game cutthroat it i a lot of fun and three people can all play.
Foreign election interference is only such when it is perpetrated by governments not just opinionated individuals.
Nobody said anything about your intellect.
I do not agree with your language but you are right congressmen not really being there to reflect your interests.
It's unreal in this day and age THAT word is still used. Your're simply throwing it in there for the "shock factor" and it needs to stop.
Gender is a category that shouldn’t be the basis of an insult or disparagement. It’s a lazy flex.
Ironically some would say that you are scum for the crass way you talk. Being civil will help scum not be elected.
Every action has a reaction but that does not mean that survival is a zero-sum game.
An inappropriate joke was made, but it didn't warrant this kind of attack.  I'm sure there was no intention to upset you to this extent.
Beto's sexual proclivities have nothing to do with the subject at hand.
That's not a polite way to respond to people.
As it turns out he lost by only a very small margin.
While I agree with your point, we can't call people who are just ignorant retarded.
I think he was repeating something someone else said.
Nazis and followers of Islam believe very different things.
Even if you're trying to be funny, this language is pretty offensive to gay people.
Wow I mean you could be a little more open minded.
Your description seems a little redundant to me.
User 1 and User 2 should try to find some common ground.  Nothing is gained or won by attacking each other anonymously.
Well that was really uncalled for.
In trying to use big words to support your argument you also misspell them which takes away from your point.
Your post uses speech that denigrates ethnicity and/or race in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
Vulgar language will not help anyone. In order to convince someone, you should be providing evidence rather than attacking
Your post uses speech that denigrates ethnicity and/or sexual orientation and/or sex and gender in violation of Com. Guidelines and TOS.
n/a
Single women have been raising kids for Centuries. In fact some famous celebrities including Eddie Murphy were raised by only their mother.
Your post uses speech that denigrates ethnicity and/or national origin and/or disability, and/or sex. orientation in violation of TOS Agree.
Religion or disability should not be a category that is attacked or demeaned. Focus on the objectionable behavior, not who they are.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and/or sexual orientation in violation of our Com. Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
I don't think "self-deport" is even a term. Perhaps he has had enough of us and wants to go home.
This country was built on Christian principles but I wouldn't go so far as to say Catholic ones. Two different things.
I respect all these faiths and beliefs. We all are better off when we just respect one another.
I wasn't aware she was involved with the U.S. Ambassadorship at all.
Wow I bet she is running to fix the issues right now after calling her such names.
I don't know where you are getting this information but it's deeply racist.
You make up statistics then call people names based on your lies, you should be ashamed of youself for the vile things you say.
Using foul language doesn't help others to think that you may have any higher of an IQ than the individuals you are speaking of.
You should try to be more tolerant of people who disagree with you.
You can learn to speak without using all of the hatespeech you just used and someone might actually listen to you next time.
I know that you're aware that what you are repeating is a childish and ugly stereotype.
You need to be taught some manners, where is your mother she needs to wash your mouth out with soap.
Using such a harsh term to describe a woman shows a serious lack of respect.
I wish that you would be more sensitive to the fact that someone is telling you that they have been hurt.
There was no need to throw in such a hateful comment, people just throw that word around like nothing, think twice before saying it again.
You should look into the crimes against Poland in the war.
Someone might actually take you seriously if you didn't use the re word, you serously need to strike that word from your vocabulary.
There are much more appropriate terms that should be used to replace the foul language.
Just call them a moron or jerk or idiot.
Calling someone a faggot just makes you look like a bigot.
What does your comment add to anything at all, I know, nothing.
It's not necessary to use the N word, there are plenty of alternatives that aren't offensive.
What are you even trying to say, you are talking nonsense garbage.
Please come and join the rest of us in the 21st century.
Hopefully they would just remove and ban you.
You sound like a moron trying to paste words together.
I have given a donation to a black person before and they are usually polite and grateful.
why are you lot even talking about this stuff, just no need. if you are that desprete go and dm each other. i dont want to see this rubbish
If you use a word like that people are just going to dismiss you. That word has no place.
leave out the n word next time please, also dont swap it for something else offensive
I wouldn't be surprised if it was busy because other people were calling to make a similar point.
perhaps life would be better if you didnt reply, lets give that ago now
I believe they're actually cheese packers.
no need for that at all, bye bye you go
Using language like that makes you look as stupid as someone who cannot spell.
perhaps you could try and spell it. I spell it like 'bye bye off you go before you get banned'
Your account has been permanently closed. Your IP has been recorded. You can appeal this action by emailing a Moderator.
The foul language shows a lack of respect for others.
Please bring an end to the hateful comments.
We insist that you review our user policies on hate speech. Reddit is a global community. Final warning. Thank you in advance.
Calling someone a racial slur speaks volumes about one's character.
Please stop the bashing of others and show equality toward people of all races.
First and final warning, Reddit is a community for all regardless of gender or sexuality. Review our user policies and take more care. Ty
Please discuss your concerns in a less offensive manner.
Using racial slurs shows what type of person one is.
Please take out the abusive comments and share ones that are uplifting to others.
This thread has been closed. For users employing hate speech in this thread this is a final warning. Please review our user policies. Ty
Using foul language leads to pointless arguments that make no valid points.
Please eliminate the hostile commentary and be civil toward others.
The term you have used here is derogatory and offensive towards the gay community. You need to be more careful with your choice of words.
The language you have used here is derogatory and a form of racism, and is not tolerated here. You need to be more careful with your words.
whoa there,  homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thank you.
The term you have used here is derogatory & offensive towards the gay community. You can prevent harm by using a different choice of words.
The term you have used here is derogatory and offensive towards the gay community. This is not tolerated! You need to be more careful.
Avoid the hurtful commentary and use kinder words.
Since you are quoting movies, lets clean up the language
Please make use of language that is not discreditable to others.
We don't say the R word any more, try using silly person instead.
Do away with the disturbing remarks to others please.
What is it with British people and the C word?  Try to do better.
Please discuss your opinions in a manner that is not degrading to others.
We don't use the R word any more.  I have always preferred the Chair Force anyway.
Please purge the hateful speech and use more uplifting words.
I don't know about that, besides we should just say he is a liar and leave it at that.
This comment isn't supporting any argument or making people listen to you
There is no point in using hateful language in this conversation
There is no point in this comment or language
The violence doesn't need to be escalated. The R word is highly offensive.  Spread the word to end the word!
Hey, we're all people. Have more respect. You might disagree, but there's no need to be rude about it.
whoa there, xenophobic and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Can we leave the name calling out of this?
Let's agree that this is not okay. And not use such offensive language.
Hey violence and crime is a big issue in our country. He's a person like the rest of us.
I feel that this is inaccurate and just a reason for you to tear someone down.
We don't tolerate racial slurs here
Let's keep the racial slurs off of Gab.
Please refrain from using racial slurs and promoting violence against people of color.
Do not use offensive language of any kind
Please refrain from using ableist slurs.
We will not tolerate racial slurs here
Let's keep religion out of this, thanks.
Please refrain from using anti-Muslim slurs.
hey there, xenophobic and derogatory  slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
I think that this could help you understand that people are just people and are not defined by race.
This is a super interesting discussion. I wish you wouldn't use racial slurs, though, even against yourself.
I think you should be more sympathetic to people who have been victims.
That slur mocks disabled people and isn't funny.
Please don't use words like this in order to simply insult people.
Way to offend all females.
whoa there, sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Think about how much it would hurt this woman to know that you were speaking about her this way.
Really offensive to all women and unnecessary.
People with disabilities have feelings. You should think about that sometime.
Using that word only hurts people who are mentally handicapped
You should call out others for saying inappropriate language, but do not use it yourself.
You people are wrong to use these insults. It makes you look bad and no one is impressed.
Dude you really need to calm down they he is just a man
You shouldn't insult any group based on their race, nor insult another group for defending them.
Banning religions and attacking other races is all very un-American.  You think you are patriotic, but you are mistaken.
You dont have to insult someone just because you dont agree with them
Just because you disagree with someone's views, you don't have the right to attack their characteristics.
What you said is wrong on so many levels. Your grandpa sounds like a brave hero, I wonder what went wrong.
Comments like these are ignorant, as well as divisive and offensive; it is important to be accepting of all people.
They don't know how to engage in normal civilized discussion. Just insults because their hate speech has no substance.
He is just giving his opinion try to take the high road and talk to him about why he feels that way
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't give you the right to resort to name calling.
I sense a mature, well-formed, productive response by an individual who likes to take their time to form a nuanced argument.
This is absolutely disgusting and unacceptable.
We will not tolerate racial slurs of any kind
If you're unhappy with an individual, there are more target ways to express your discontent than an outdated slur.
Watch this language, please. This is not appropriate.
Do not use offensive language in your comments
Skip the stores all together if you're unhappy and buy just what you want online.
I understand you're somewhat frustrated, but please watch the language.
Please do not use offensive language towards mental conditions
Ay, isn't that clever. If you don't like the network, nobody asked you to participate.
Watch the language please. THIS is pure garbage.
This is absolutely disgusting language and you need to stop.
Please do not use homophobic language here
Woah! Your language is offensive and derogatory. Please refrain from using these words in a public forum.
Name calling does nothing but lead to pointless arguments that make no valid points.
Please refrain from using this type of language with such a sensitive history! Thanks for understanding!
All of the name calling and foul language does nothing more than create tension and fails to make a valid point.
Woah! Your language is strong and derogatory, and it could be offensive to others. Please be careful!
Please be careful with the language you are using, and try to use more universally accepted words!
You are entitled to your political beliefs but that type of language is not necessary.
Race has nothing to do with this political argument.
These type of homophobic remarks are not necessary to make you point.
No use using that hate speech, just make your point and go
That homophobic slur is unnecessary.
Racist and hate speech will not be tolerated on this platform.
This word mocks disabled people and is inappropriate.
This type of language will not be tolerated on this platform. Please refrain from using offensive language.
You ca make your same point with facts instead of hateful language
There is no need to offend women by using that word.
Retardation is a medical disability and should not be used lightly.
The inappropriate use of this word as an insult is highly offensive.
Disability and race are not something anyone should make fun of or demean.
Please avoid hateful slurs, it makes any debate about a subject invalid.
Please avoid using racist and sexist language.
Comments like these are disappointing to see, please do not post them again. Ideas like this have no merit.
Please do not use expressions that demean people because of their gender or sexuality.
Ignorance like this is not how we reached space. Educate yourself about many of the people of color behind the space race.
Racist speech like that is inappropriate. Please moderate your language.
That is offensive to a number of people. Expressions like that make people disregard what you say.
Please don't use derogatory language like that.
Religion and race should not be a category that is attacked or demeaned. Focus on the objectionable behavior, not who they are.
You should feel ashamed talking about people in such a way. Your speech and is inhuman and disappointing.
Please express your opinions without using racist language.
Just because someone has a different political opinion doesn't mean they are less intelligent.
While any acts of violence should not be supported, neither should your attack on liberals.
A political opinion doesn't make you an animal. Try having a debate and perhaps people will listen.
You should not comment such things, it does not add to the conversation.
If you can smell something you're reading than you're just amazing.
Name calling each other using derogatory words isn't going to solve anything.
We need to give our ladies more respect than this.
No where in the video or article does it say the criminals were Democrats.
Your comments are crude and embarrassing. Please do not post anything like this in future.
His sexual preference even if that is true has no baring on this video.
Simply calling people slurs isn't going to discredit their points.
I am struggling to understand what part of this has made you angry.
I don't know why you would say something so ugly about a nice gesture to help children.
I don't know where you got this information but it defies common sense let alone fact.
Totally unwarranted to hatefully insult women to express opinion.
I hope that you're not advocating violence against other people.
Use of hateful language regarding gender and race is unwarranted and unintelligent.
I hope that it doesn't make you happy to use words like this to degrade people.
Hateful language regarding ethnicity is unwarranted and crude.
Hateful language regarding sexual orientation is unnecessary and unimpressive.
I hope that you can take a step back and see what it is that you're threatening.
Hateful language regarding people with a disability and gender is unwarranted and primitive.
I hope that you can see that you are advocating sexual violence against another human being.
There is no place for antisemitism and ableism here.
Please do not express racist viewpoints here.
Please express your views without using racist slurs.
Please refrain from using offensive language, it will not be tolerated here.
Your post uses speech denigrating ethnicity and disability in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
Antisemitic remarks will not be allowed, your account will be blocked if it continues.
Using offensive language is not necessary to make your point.
Your post uses speech denigrating sexual orientation and/or ethnicity in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
Everyone is different. It is better to judge someone based on their character, instead of their religion.
Homophobic remarks will not be tolerated on this platform.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation, and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
I understand that you are upset about what happened but this type of language is what leads to some shootings.
Please do not use derogatory terms.
leave the hatred out please. im sure you wouldnt say it to their face. well  i hope not
Not everyone that you dislike is automatically gay and it's offensive to make that association.
Please do not use derogatory terms; no name calling.
blimey did you get up on the wrong side of the bed, perhaps go cool off rather than post anymore
It's telling that you saved the gendered slur for Susan Sarandon.
Please do not use offensive language.
dont want to bet at all. except i bet that you will be banned for those remarks. so lets improve your odds by deleting you post
I don't know where you're getting your information, but it's pretty offensive.
Please do not use offensive language
i have to wonder why you have that hatred, have you nothing better to do with your life, i suggest go and read a book, wisdom will help
This shorthand you have created for yourself is full of slurs and ugly rhetoric.
was going so well til you chirped up. perhaps go elsewhere there is no place for your language here
It's upsetting that you are resorting to the same words and rhetoric as those you claim to work against.
Please try to have more respect for the judicial system who are not just making decisions randomly.
It is not necessary to use this language to get your point across.
I don't know where you heard statistics like that but they are not based in fact.
Please don't use derogatory terms.
It is okay to disagree without using profanity and hate to do so.
Using words like this will certainly make people unwelcome, but I don't know why you'd want to use them.
Please refrain from using offensive, derogatory terms.
Remarks like this are not necessary, everyone deserves respect.
If you spoke to the people affected by words like this I don't think that you would want to use them.
Please refrain from using derogatory, and hateful terms.
People do not need to be lumped together due to race. Offensive slang terms are not necessary and promote negativity.
This is an extremely strange and disproportionate reaction to what is being said to you.
Please refrain from using derogatory, and offensive terms.
I don't know what those terms mean but it sounds offensive. The point can be made without calling people offensive names in anger.
Refrain from using the word "retarded."  Many people find it offensive regardless of the context.
Using a derogatory term against someone you disagree with is putting down the people that have mental disabilities.
You don't need to use slurs that are disrespectful to the special needs community to express distaste in current affairs.
Directly attacking people based on their religion is considered hate speech. The word "nigger" is offensive regardless of the context.
Everyone has their own right to an opinion, but that opinion is not taken seriously when based on verbal attacks towards minority groups
Users 9 and 12 muddle the conversations by egging on more prejudice, taking away from the legitimacy of the discussion.
Refrain from using the term "retarded."  Many people consider it hate speech regardless of the context.
Attacking people solely on their appearance is ignorant and damaging to the person in question. It mostly just cruelty for the sake it.
Language attacking a race of people is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
Whoa there, xenophobic and derogatory slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Language attacking sexual preference is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
xenophobic and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Hating on Jews and hating on gays isn't cool anymore.
Please be do not use derogatory terms, instead try finding a less offensive descriptive.
Don't feel trolls with homophobic comments, they love that.
Please, refrain from using offensive derogatory terms to describe others.
Please find a better descriptive term, something less offensive.
You're not doing your race favors by slurring others.
Please refrain from using hateful, derogatory terms when describing groups.
Please use less offensive language when referring to others.
No need to use that language to make your point
Facts are better support for your argument than hate speech
It doesn't make sense to wish harm on an entire race just because of the actions of a few people.
Just because someone is a different race doesn't mean they are less of a person.
There is no point in using hate speech to make your point
That language doesn't add to your argument, try some factual information, might be more effective
It doesn't make since to hate an entire race based on the actions of a few people.
Kindly stop using racist language. It is not acceptable.
Everyone is different. It is better to judge a person by their character, instead of their race.
Please do not use derogatory terms for people of other nationalities.
Kindly avoid using derogatory language about people's ethnic background, religion or sexuality.
It's shocking that this would be your reaction to someone asking if you are a Nazi.
Engage in conversation that is more unprejudiced please.
This is disgusting racist hate speech and totally not acceptable. Please stop.
Make use of more obliging words when expressing your views.
Watch the language, please. This is not necessary.
You should not be so willing to attack female elected officials in this way.
If you want to state your feelings, please do so in a manner that is more nonpartisan and less profane.
Look, I think I understand your frustration, but that kind of language isn't necessary.
I hope you can see how you are combining your biases out of fear.
Please craft your ideas and opinions without hateful and distressing words.
Anti-islam hate speech isn't tolerated and you really need to stop.
Your hatred is causing you to turn on even people who are your allies.
Please discuss your concerns without abashing others.
ehhhh, this language is marginal. You need to settle down a little bit.
Racist language and language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
The language used here is vulgar & degrading towards women. This is unacceptable! You need to use a better choice of words to prevent harm.
This is horrible racist hate speech and is not acceptable.
The terms used here are offensive and derogatory to multiple communities of people, and should never be used. Use better word choices!
This is disgusting, racist hate speech and is completely unacceptable. Please reevaluate your life.
The term used here is offensive towards the disabled community, and not appropriate here. You need to refrain from using harmful language.
This is awful, anti-semitic hate speech and completely unacceptable.
Racist language and language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
The language used here is offensive to multiple communities of people, and not tolerated here. Please refrain from using harmful language.
This is horrible racist hate speech and completely disgusting. You need to stop this.
The term you have used here is very derogatory and racist, and there is no toleration for racism here. You need to use better word choices.
This is absolutely disgusting and ridiculous. You need to stop.
User 1, Your comment would have had legitimacy if you removed the last sentence. User 2, you can state a claim without very rude remarks.
Religion and political orientation has no relation to someones ability to use proper grammar
Hateful language regarding religion and people with a disability is unwarranted.
It is okay to criticize the opinion of others, but it does not need to be done with unnecessary hate speech regarding weight and appearance.
I don't understand how your response or her desire to eat out has to do with her quotes about Trump
Hateful language regarding women is impolite and unintelligent.
In order for a comment to be constructive, it needs to have a point. It also does not need to include derogatory remarks.
Totally unnecessary to insult people with a disability in post.
Attacking someone and an entire group of people based on their sexuality only demeans your own intelligence and displays your ignorance.
Any and every person should be allowed to protest in this country.
Hateful language regarding sexual orientation is unwarranted and primitive.
User 1 should consider that he is free to express his opinion, but there are ramifications involved if it is not expressed responsibly.
If any account violated any policy, it should be pulled. This applies to people you agree and/or disagree with
Hateful language regarding women and race is unnecessary and primitive.
Avoid using identifiers that you would not want to be called yourself. It furthers a division and you can experience backlash for it.
Please refrain from using derogatory labels
Please do not use derogatory terms to describe, or stereotype others.
Avoid using identifiers that you would not want to be called yourself.
Please do not use derogatory terms, or attack anyone for their sexuality.
Please be considerate, and polite to others by refraining from using derogatory terms.
There are many different dialects in America, including your own.
It's not very kind to equate gay people exclusively with what you don't like.
Using that term won't help your argument
You are ruining things for yourself and not harming anyone else except you.
There is no reason to use offensive terms
As long as you use those terms you will not be able to really understand them.
Use of the slur here is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults others.
That term should not be used
I wish it wasn't so easy for you to insult someone based on their gender.
Find a different way of trying to get your point across
Using that kind of language will not erase what he is trying to say.
Taking a stand against injustice on this dumb site.
I'm not comfortable with the way that you're framing homosexuality.
Just because your hiding secret feelings doesnt mean you need to say that
When you start with violent words like that I'm sure you can see how it sets the tone of conversation.
I think you should get less comfortable with using people's identities as an insult.
I mean you really dont need to talk like that and expose your ignorance
I don't know why you would go out of your way to be mean to someone who is feeling grief.
Just because you dont agree with it doesnt mean you have to resort to name calling, use smart words,
I think I agree with your point, but you gotta watch the language a little bit.
Disability race and religion are  not something anyone should make fun of or demean.
You need to stop that language. It's not acceptable.
ehhh, this language is toeing the line. Please settle down.
This conversation is absurd, racist hate speech. This is all terrible and unacceptable.
I think I understand what you're trying to say, but watch the language please.
Removing the foul language will help others to understand your point of view more.
While an argument can be made on whether certain derogatory terms are applied evenly, it doesn't help to aggressively label someone that way
You run the risk of validating your opponent's arguments by choosing inflammatory language rather than winning on ideas alone.
Making fun of the people you disagree with isn't going to change anything.
The vulagr language used as well as the assumptions being made speaks volumes about one's character.
Obviously you are exaggerating for effect and not sure how that image came to be, but let's let this play out in the courts if necessary.
Let's not lower ourselves to the level of Antifa, but stride to be bigger than they are!
It doesn't make sense to judge people based on a stereotype when everyone has a different personality.
Using vulgar language to describe others speaks volumes about one's personality.
Remember that there are plenty of people of other races that also see communism the same way that you do. Let's start with common ground.
Offensive language of any kind is not tolerated
Racial slurs will absolutely not be tolerated here
Derogatory language is not tolerated here
Please try and follow the rules of reddit and remember the person.
There is no reason to rudely make this kind of joke.
Race has absolutely nothing to do with this. Please refrain from using racial slurs here.
Lets try and be civil.
Women are just as capable as all of us.
The word faggot is very hurtful to a lot of people. Lets try a better way to express ourselves.
I think it would be more productive if we try to come to a respective place and not instigate even more hate and violence.
Those views and attitudes is why our country is not moving forward.
Attacking her and her daughter with namecalling is hateful. Find a less hateful way to express your thoughts or say nothing.
I don't think you should be so cavalier in calling for death.
I am personally asking you not to use gay slurs that could hurt a vulnerable population.
I don't think that you should be defending Nazi ideology.
If you are trying to defend Jewish people, you should not be using slurs.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
Whoa there, racist and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
I'm very uncomfortable that you jump so quickly to violent threats.
You should listen to the reasons that people object to this kind of display.
Calling someone names just because you disagree with what they say is wrong.
I wish you wouldn't use gendered slurs so casually.
Wanting to fight someone online and trying to cuss them out makes no sense whatsoever.
I hope that you understand that you are literally threatening violence against another person.
hey there, homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thanks
Please don't use slurs like that to strengthen your own prejudices.
Please take a deep breath and realize that you are defending Hitler.
Yes, attack a pen name instead of writing an intelligent response. That will change hearts and minds.
Disagree with policy all you like but racial slurs show how ignorant you are.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race and religious affiliation in violation of Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
Translation: I can't think of anything witty to say so I'll say something incendiary.
Using the word retard as an insult isn't somehow less offensive than any other slur, you sound ignorant and your message is lost
There needs to be more sensitivity regarding language associated with the black and LGBT community.
Your post uses speech than denigrates race and/or sexual orientation in violation of Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
This whole conversation is the opposite of human evolution
In the future refrain from using such hate filled speech.
Maybe you get suspended because your speech is hateful and disgusting, you need to grow up.
You both need to stop using the re word, it is disrespectful and not to the people you are meaning it to be.
That was a terrible waste of my time to read such racist garbage, your mother should be ashamed of herself for rasing such a bigot.
You need to learn how to put someone down without using such vile speech, no one respects someone who spews vomit like that.
I like to believe that we have evolved as intellectual beings to know better than to treat each other that way.
Is that really necessary? One bad person doesn't make their families bad, and is painful death really the way to go?
Calm down there buddy. That's not cool. If you want more respect from people you need to give them respect yourself.
I don't appreciate being called that. I'm a person like you, and I have feelings. Please be more respectful of me.
Actually there are a lot of benefits to the legalization of marijuana. Look at Colorado, It provides state funding and makes pot safer.
I would avoid using terms that demeans an individuals religion.
Please do not use language that denigrates people on the basis of their religion.
It's wrong to describe someone in a condescending, demeaning or insulting manner.
I would avoid gender-based insults.
Please do not use language that denigrates people on the basis of their gender or sexual orientation.
You shouldn't use an adjective that demeans someone with a mental disability.
I wouldn't insult individuals that have a mental disability.
Its crazy how few people are aware of the hurt they cause by using racist language both on and offline. Sigh!
It doesn't make any sense to assume that an entire race of people are less intelligent than you.
Racism isn't really a good look on anyone. I'm sure you could find a different video if you don't like this one without being awful about it
I don't think that will ever happen, as the meaning of the word sparks different emotions in different people, regardless of race.
Hm, it seems that while talking about such inflammatory things, one should be a little more careful with the words they use.
Your post could really upset someone who has a mental disability through no fault of their own.... Just saying.
Just that derogatory word against people is putting down the people with actual mental disabilities.
I will always fail to understand why people want to use hateful language when they could, instead, be kind.
You've go to be a troll, nobody could really think it was acceptable to say the things you've written for the world to see.
I don't even know how to start with this horrible comment. I hope you find it in your heart to better yourself as a person.
NO crime against a child is ok. Nor are blatant racial comments/words. Everyone needs another way of expressing their anger. Simple
Fighting racism with racism is not going to solve anything.
I am so sad to see all of this happening, but also sad to see your response. People will learn better with nicer help from you.
All of the foul language and assumptions made are foul and fail to make any points.
Racist language as well as language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
Talking down on people because of their race speaks volumes to one's true character.
The R word is highly offensive.  Spread the word to end the word!  All groups deserve tolerance.
The post makes no points whatsoever it only slanders people with foul language.
legal status is multifaceted and absent of race. The words you chose to use are hurtful especially in regards to children who are helpless
I don't believe that you are honestly talking about young children this way.
The use of this language is not tolerated and unnecessary.
although your response is critical of comments sans ethnic or religious context, we shouldn't assume sexual orientation using hateful words
Even if you are trying to defend Jewish people, you aren't helping with these slurs.
This is considered an attack on another person and it is not tolerated here. Please refrain from using such language.
Please don't advocate violence against elected leaders.
The use-age of this language is not tolerated and not appropriate.
someones age or the generation in which they were born into does not determine their sexual orientation
I don't know how you can live with this level of paranoia.
Using this kind of language to attack is not tolerated.
Use of these words is not tolerated to attack another human being.
It doesn't make sense to make fun of someone you've never met just because of what the media says.
The foul language shown here does nothing but put others down and fail to make a valid point.
Using this language to attack another person is not tolerated.
The racial slurs used speaks volumes about one's character.
Using these words and attacking another person is not tolerated.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less than you.
Talking down on others and using foul language does nothing more than start pointless arguments.
Attacking other people and using these words are not tolerated.
All of the name calling and foul language did nothing to help make a valid point it only created a pointless argument.
Use of these words is unnecessary and not tolerated.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they deserve to be ridiculed.
Nobody needs to bash him, but it sure is fun.
The solution is interacial lovemaking until we're all just the same caramel color.
I am not ashamed of who I love. What is shameful is that hard R.
Are these even sentences?
How is it better to vote for someone who you admit is ignorant?
Everyone is different. It is better to judge each person by their character, instead of by their race.
I don't think it's a good idea to split hairs on what kind of slavery was good or not.
Please don't make racist remarks on this website.
You were just specifically asked not to speak this way and you've probably lost a friend.
Hating an entire race or religious group based on a stereotype, doesn't make any sense.
I don't think that you would use language like that in your normal life.
Please refrain from using racist slurs here, it is not necessary.
I hope you realize that you are laughing about a serious crime being perpetrated against a human being.
Please do not post islamophobic language.
Just because someone is a different religion doesn't mean they are a bad person.
You are actually calling for the death of another person as a hate crime.
This is hate speech against african americans, please don't post this.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they deserve to die.
The terms you have used here are derogatory, and exemplifies racism. You need to refrain from using this language to prevent any harm!
Using words such as wetback, blackback, and brownback are not very nice. They are not all illegal invaders and using such words is not polit
The language used here is vulgar, and is offensive to the gay community. Please refrain from using this language, as it can cause harm!
Calling obama a cocksucking, faggot is hateful and because to may not like him does not mean he is those things.
whoa there, homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. thank you
The term you have used is a derogatory term towards the British population. You need to consider using a different word choice.
They might be limey in your view but calling them bastards is not needed. Its hateful in general.
The term you have used is vulgar and very offensive to the Muslim community. This is not tolerated here. Please use a better word choice!
labeling muslims in way implying they should all die is not nice, and calling someone filthy ass beast is uncalled for as you dont know pers
Though you did not mean offense to others, the term you have used is still derogatory towards women. You need to change your word choice!
Calling someone a cunt is derogatory and hateful. Implying they should be hit by a bus would be agains religious views if you believe in god
Please avoid using language that denigrates others because of their sexuality.
Both gay-bashing and hate speech offensive to the mentally disabled are not permitted here.
Please avoid making sexist and homophobic comments.
Homophobic gay-bashing ("homo(s)"), and rampant misogyny ("b-tch"), are sufficiently offensive to warrant their exclusion here.
Kindly not that racist language and sentiments are not acceptable here. Please moderate your speech.
Racism, the "n word," and offensive speech about the disabled ("ret--ded") are all forbidden here on Gab.
Please do not use derogatory language about people of other races.
This particular post exhibits racist thought and language ("hang this ni--er from a tree"), and racist hate speech is not allowed here.
Language that demeans based on race, religion or disability is not ok
Race or sexual orientation should not be used as an insult.  That’s hate speech and detracts from any other argument you are presenting.
Making fun of women is not accepted in today's age.
Racial slurs have no place in this context. You need to educate yourself.
Nobody deserves to be treated this way, even if you are not familiar with them.
Making fun of gender roles is not a way to speak in society.
This is not an appropriate reaction to people who are experiencing ethnic cleansing.
Using a word that mocks special needs is a way to lose all respect in society and should never be used.
The fact that you felt the need to add that shows how you feel about people.
Certain words to belittle people with other sexual orientation should never be used. There are better word choices.
Making fun of a person's sexual preference is ignorant. You need to educate yourself.
Using slurs like this is rooted in your own anger yourself.
Racial slurs are never respected nor accepted.
You should not be so afraid of people exercising their right to vote.
The violent hatred here is flatout unacceptable in any decent conversation.
Speaking this way about people you see as your enemies will have no impact on them.
Discriminatory language does not serve any meaningful purpose.
Immigrants are people just like you and you shouldn't be angry at people being kind to them.
Women don't fall into neat categories that you can dismiss this way.
Violence is never acceptable but issuing threats in return is not the best idea.
Weddings are such a special time and it's upsetting that you would go out of your way to insult them.
Profanity and discriminatory language does not serve any meaningful purpose.
All religions and ethnicities deserve tolerance.
You need to come to terms with the fact that people not of your race can also have value.
I wish that you would not treat mentally disabled people as only a token insult.
Americans find the C word highly offensive.
You should work on removing this word from your casual vocabulary.
All social groups deserve tolerance.
The only proven way to solve homelessness is with support and compassion.
Please don't use this word as an insult when you know how hurtful it is.
These users create a space for hate that is not constructive or positive in anyway. Their comments are filled with slurs against minorities.
I don't think that is a fair word to use as it can offend female-identifying people.
Criticism can be made, but a racial slur is not necessary to express an opinion.
That language is offensive to black people, I think it may be best not to use that.
We should refrain from making assumptions about peoples familial connections and using racial slurs.
That language is offensive to black people and it is best not to use that
Insulting entire groups of people based on your assessment of one person's intelligence is reflective of your ignorance.
That is not a good way to speak of those with certain sexual preferences.
User 1 is making a generalized claim that may be perceived as offensive, but user 2 should not resort to slurs for no apparent reason
That is offensive to black people, and it would be better to  avoid that kind of talk.
That language is offensive and will not be tolerated.
Name calling does not solve the problem you are referring to.
Just because someone has a different political opinion doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you.
You using a race as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
You could choose less offensive words.
Just because someone is a different race or political party doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of.
Making assumptions about a whole group of people based on your negativity does not make anything better.
It doesn't make sense to hate someone that you haven't even met, based on their lifestyle.
Your use of inappropriate language explains why no one is playing on your team.
Please use less offensive language to describe others.
I hope you are not wishing violence on another person this casually.
Please do not use derogatory terms to describe people based on their religion, etc. Please be more respectful.
This is a racial slur born out of war and you should look up the history behind it.
Please use a more respectful term to get your point across.
I hope you can see that your homophobia has led you into this uncomfortable conversation.
Please be more respectful of others and use non-derogatory terms.
Someone simply asking you to have fun does not deserve this kind of response.
Please use a less offensive term to get your point across.
I wish you wouldn't go out of your way to be disrespectful to other religions.
You should just use words like idiot or stupid.
Please refrain from such terms; Reddit is for all, including those with physical and or mental disabilities. We thank you in advance.
Just call them delusional, you'd make a more convincing argument.
Communism is a system based around a theory of economic equality, but fascism is to be ruled by a dictatorship.
That racial slur doesn't add anything to your argument.
They know about guns, but they don't seem to understand that we need them to protect ourselves from senseless acts of violence.
That comment is offensive to disable people and isn't appropriate.
No woman deserves to be assaulted or harmed.
Your comment is threatening and offensive to women.
If you don't agree with the liberal views than debate it with them. Do not threaten them.
Sexuality has nothing to do with politics.
We need prison reform but not to the extent as the UK where they now won't put women in jail for all crimes.
This is an important discussion but the slurs aren't necessary.
Please avoid using racist language.
Please avoid denigrating people on the basis of their religion or ethnic origins.
Please avoid using language that denigrates women.
Using a derogatory term in conversation is putting down the people with actual mental disabilities.
This is a horrible way to talk about another human being and the decisions they face.
Just because someone has a mental disability doesn't mean you should use words that make fun of them.
This point is absolutely indefensible and I think that you know it.
It doesn't make any sense to name call and judge someone that you haven't even met.
Please don't use words that victimize disabled people.
I don't think it's necessary to use this level of language to make a critique of someone.
It doesn't make sense to judge and ridicule someone that you've never even met.
I hope you see that you are talking about targeted harassment of a real person.
It is better to judge people based on their character rather than their race or religion.
That quote is using the format of a famous quote from a Jewish person.
Voting is the proper way to bring about political and social change.
I agree critical thinking is a valuable skill.
There needs to be more sensitivity regarding language when talking about those with differing political views. Violence doesn't need to b
Your argument is not supported by the number of typos you are making.
Name calling a person you've never met isn't going to solve anything.
There is no evidence of foreign voters voting illegally in the way you describe.
Just because someone has a mental disability or different lifestyle doesn't mean they are less than you.
If you are trying to stick to the facts you should do so, not insult people.
Remove the harsh comments from your post please and use more friendly words.
It doesn't make sense to name call people that you don't even know.
Cut out the damaging words toward women please and edit the speech.
Please think about what you say before you print it and use more congenial remarks.
Wishing harm on someone you don't even know, isn't going to solve anything.
Sure Bill Clinton was in the wrong, and so are other sexual deviants.
Dispose of the hateful talk and use kinder speech.
Do away with the aggressive comments toward others.
"Beyond retarded" sounds like an 11-year-old wrote it.
When referring to McConnell, you do not need to use offensive language about him to get a point across.
I actually like my "butch dyke" haircut and don't care if men find it "attractive." My wife loves it.
A haircut is just a haircut - It shouldn't matter to you what someone else does with their hair.
"V" is for "victory."
Everything that was said about Colin is uncalled for.
Misogyny aside, this doesn't even make sense.
It doesn't flow to blame Jews for every side of the argument here, and it's as old as time to blame Jews. #ClassicAntiSemitism
There is a lot of offensive name calling here. When talking to each other, try to not use rude names or refer to others as offensive slurs.
You need to grow up, no one takes little children who curse like this seriously.
Hateful language regarding gender is unnecessary and impolite.
The term you have used here is derogatory and can be offensive towards women. You need to be more careful with your word choices.
What you said is disgusting, you need to grow up and rethink your entire life for having such filth in your mouth.
Hateful language regarding women is unwarranted and unintelligent.
The term you have used here is derogatory and offensive towards women. You can prevent harm by using a different choice of words.
That comment wasn't nessicary and no one is going to take you seriously with a mouth like that, grow up.
Hateful language regarding gender is not warranted or humorous.
The term you have used here is derogatory, and can be offensive towards women. Using a better choice of words can prevent harm.
You don't need to throw out senseless racial hate speech, you are disgusting.
Hateful language regarding race is unjust and unintelligent.
The term you have used here is derogatory and exemplifies racism. This can be very harmful to others. You need to be more careful.
There is no need to speak this way about anyone, you need to be ashamed of yourself, I hope you are not a woman.
Hateful language regarding gender is unwarranted and not humorous.
The term you have used is derogatory, and can be offensive towards women and cause harm. You need to be more careful with your words.
The poster should make a stronger statement to come out against violence and the attempted bombs.
Using a derogatory term against something you disagree with is putting down those with actual mental disabilities.
1) There is misuse of the form of "to." 2) You're not one to insult anyone's else's intelligence.
Name calling adds a level of hostility to a conversation that is not neccassary.
While history has kept rolling, all parties involved should be sensitive to hate speech and damaging generalizations.
Let's refrain from using a slur of that nature.
Replacing the foul language with more appropriate words would be a better way to describe the individual that is being discussed.
While you may not have agreed with this individual, this word offends an entirely different group of people.
Using these terms is completely inappropriate. Please refrain in the future.
The foul language and name calling used fails to make a valid point.
I know a nanny goat named ninny.
Use of such language is uncalled for. Please refrain!
Assuming things about other humans and calling them names shows one's true character.
Swimming lessons should be more readily available to everyone.
Use of such words is uncalled for and unnecessary.
I once attended AA meetings to try and understand what y husband had done to me.
Using these terms is offensive and uncalled for. Please refrain!
Cuba is being promoted as a tourist destination but I don't think I would feel safe there.
your point about censorship is valid, please dont use ignorant language to make it
If you have to ask, it shows you know this term is offensive.
There is no way you can tell someone's religion by their visual appearance
Using that language doesn't help you make your point
It's not "anti-White" to take issue with the language you're using here.
a .223 is more lightweight and travels at a higher velocity, no need to use language that offends our gay friends
Your argument would be stronger without using homophobic slurs.
the fact that she is a woman does not influence the argument
That language doesn't help your argument here
"Traitor" was sufficient here.
That word mocks seriously ill individuals.
Clearly hate speech comes from all political sides. Don't stoop as low as the other side by continuing to use them.
If you are trying to advocate for what you think is right, you shouldn't use slurs against disabled people.
I don't agree with what she did, but offending all women is uncalled for.
When your best come back is a slur then you know you loss the argument.
I wish you wouldn't feel comfortable talking about women this way.
Offending all women because you don't agree with one is overkill.
I wish you wouldn't celebrate violence against another person.
That's a good way to alienate a lot of people who would probably agree with you.
Hate speech is not free speech. Get your message across without sounding like a homophobic racist.
Jewish people are not responsible for what's wrong with your life.
No need to use anti-female slurs to express your lack of agreement.
You might not like Dana Perino but using gender-based slurs speaks volumes on how sexist you are.
Using such hateful language toward women is not going to make you feel better.
It is improbable that the mentally disabled are holding office.
Your use of that word could really offend many people and you should probably limit it.
Talking down on someone speaks volumes about one's character.
Yes, I'm sure that Gab was popularized by your recommendation alone.
I appreciate your self-deprecating humour, but that really is offensive to homosexuals.
I think you misspelled DYNAMIC!
Please, no matter how much you hate these women, the rest of women don't have to suffer due to your demeaning attitude.
We don't need to know what you do in your personal time.
Please consider the impact the use of that word could have on the lgbtq community.
That was mature.  I've heard kindergartners with cleverer descriptions.
That's a funny story, but calling her a c*** really detracts from it.
You could ask her politely to leave if she is bothering you.
If you walk away, you won't have to listen to her anymore.
Please do not religious slurs and derogatory language for women.
Maybe that is because he wasn't meant to be killed. Just because someone is black is not an excuse to want them to die.
Please do not use racial slurs and derogatory language.
From your perspective that may be true, but think about black communities... they don't seem unhappy with their situations usually.
Please do not use racial slurs.
Women who wear completely covering clothes still get raped. The way someone is dressed is no excuse for allowing or expecting rape.
Please do not use derogatory racial slurs or homophobic slurs.
Making hate out of an entire nationality with your fowl words is hurtful to many. Educate yourself.
Please do not use derogatory ethnic slurs.
You need to educate yourself on race. This is not the 19th century.
You both need to educate yourselves on race.
Racial slurs are nothing to joke about. You should educate yourself.
Making fun of a woman is not acceptable language.
That statement really implies the white girl is not so bright.
There's no need to use those terms when talking about this.
Using that word only offends people with special needs not your opponent.
Why lump in people who have nothing to do with this but your opponent.
No need to use that term.
The smarter all of our students are the better our country is.  Other countries aren't putting out dummies.
There's no point in using racist words to attack people.
Homophobic comments are not allowed here
Language attacking sexual orientation, race and religious background is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
The N word is highly offensive.   All ethnicities and social groups deserve tolerance. The violence doesn't need to be escalated.
Please refrain from using racial slurs
Racial slurs of any kind will not be tolerated here
This conversation becomes disrespectful in tone, but the language here crosses a line to offend a separate group of people.
There are historical sources of blackface going back much farther.
While women should have the choice to stay at home or work, that anti-female language used is unhelpful and offensive.
Name calling the person you disagree wiht isn't going to solve anything.
This word is harmful to members of the LGBTQ+ community, whether or not you are referring to an LGBTQ+ person or not.
Anyone has a right to look, and if you're threatened, that's between you and "your woman."
We insist that you review Reddit's user policies and code of conduct. This is a global community. Final warning. Thank you in advance.
Rapper T.I, should mind his business
First and final warning Reddit has a zero tolerance policy concerning hate speech. We insist that you review our user policies. Thank you
ANTIFA will self destruct.
This thread is closed. If your account has been closed you can email a Moderator to appeal. We insist you review our user policies. Ty
It would be nice to have respect for one another.
We insist that in the future you frame your opinions without resorting to hate speech. Please review our user policies. Final warning.
You could just get out of the way and not be judgemental.
Your fellow Redditors with mental and physical disabilities appreciate your avoiding such terminology in the future. 1st warning. Thank you.
just telling people to not group any person in the same category get to know them
letting them know that it is not acceptable to call people that
letting them know that using that word is not tolerable in any form of conversation
Language attacking one's religion is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
it is never ok to call people names, you need to meet a person a judge them for who they are
Hey there, xenophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thanks
That's a lot to unpack. I think this one has been radicalized, guys.
This word is offensive to people with mental disabilities, please choose another word.
Hey there, derogatory and sexist comments are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
People like you are the reason people like me will always continue to protest.
People with mental disabilities might find this word offensive, please do not use it.
Whoa there, racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported. Thx
This is a string of words that could be considered a sentence if there were more punctuation involved. No time for that!
This word is offensive to homosexuals, please choose another word.
*boops you on the nose*
This is an offensive word to homosexuals, please refrain from using it.
That's the most offensive way to describe such a lovely organ.
This is a offensive word to African Americans, please refrain from using it.
You are a very little man with veiws like that, you need to grow up and realize what life is really like little boy.
You should consider taking the re word out of your vocabulary, there are so many other things you could say that would make you seem smarter
You must be a child because no grown human being would speak this way, you are very immature.
No decent human being speaks like this, what you said was hateful and disgusting, you need to grow up.
It is people like you and your disgusting hate speech that creates the disgusting attitude against our president.
The false slurs used here are flat out unacceptable in any decent conversation.
come on there is no need for that, also perhaps now just remember not to rather than use that language
The term you have used here is offensive towards the disabled community, and is not tolerated here. Please use better word choices.
Using a derogatory term against yourself is putting down the people with actual mental disabilities.
perhaps your hatred could be toned down somewhat, better left in your head than voiced through your keyboard
The term you have used is derogatory towards women, and is inappropriate. You need to be more careful with your choice of words.
made enough to make the statement and worse by your reply, please just ignore when people post like that
The term you have used here is offensive towards the disabled community, and can cause harm to others. You need to be more careful.
you may have liked the battle but no need for that phrasing. lets leave it there
The term you have used here is offensive towards the disabled community, and is very hateful. You need to use a different word choice.
Using a derogatory term against someone you disagree with is insulting those with actual mental disabilities.
let them believe what they want without your rude judgement please
The term you have used here is offensive towards the disabled, and is not tolerated here. You need to be more careful with your word choice.
Just because someone is different than you doesn't mean they are a bad person, especially since you've never met them.
Making fun of a woman is not acceptable language in today's society. Educate yourself
The feelings of others are extremely hurt by these crude remarks, so please remove them.
Making racist comments make you seem uneducated.
People's feelings are hurt by these comments, so please take them out.
While you do have a right to your opinion, I think we can all agree that none of them need to be called extra names for their jobs.
Insensitive comments about handicapped people do not make you sound educated.
People are hurt by these attacks, so please eliminate them.
I think you should be more polite, even if that is a joke, its 2019 and no one thinks thats funny. Lets discuss a lighter matter.
That is offensive. You both need to educate yourself on race.
Others are hurt by such comments, so please avoid using derogatory remarks.
How about each of you stay in your respected countries and stop all thi hate talk, knowing youll never meet :)
You need to be more sensitive to handicapped people. Educate yourself.
Consider the way people feelings of others please, and remove the distasteful remarks.
Interesting news, but i think it would get more traction by just calling him by his name only.
This type of talk does not help anyone
Making fun of a person's nationality and religion doesn't look good on you both. Educate yourself.
Hating an entire religion just because of the actions of a few people, doesn't make any sense.
These terms are just painful
Making fun of race and religion doesn't make you sound educated.
Just because someone is a different race or religion, doesn't mean they are a bad person.
This term isn't going to help your argument
Using a derogatory term against someone you disagree with is mocking the people that do have mental disabilities.
These terms are not going to help you communicate with people
Every person is different. Assuming an entire religion of people are all bad, doesn't make any sense.
Being gay has nothing to do with what we are discussing here.
Just play the game and stop talking smack and you won't have this problem.
Quoting Hitler is quoting a loser, in every sense of the word.
We can debate or have offensive ad hominem attacks. You choose if you want this conversation to continue.
"Yankee carpetbagger" makes this sound like an argument from 1875.
Using the terms "f-g," "fa--ot," and "ret--d, " is prima-facie offensive to many, please try to avoid them whatever the context.
This is lot of effort to defend illegal pedophile behavior.
You nailed it! It isn't hard to just walk away. When I don't like something I'm not sticking around.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided here.
I don't see why it was necessary to use this word in this context.
Not sure why you're so upset but I am glad you got some sleep. Hope you feel better.
I hope that you can see the intense violence of what you are suggesting.
I agree. Similar to the Virginia issue with a Trump employee being thrown out the restaurant. It is just a job.
It's upsetting to see this word used without concern for the consequences.
I am sure that isn't the only name you can call a woman in 2019.
Please do not use offensive language of any kind
I think that you both can get your point across without ableist or sexist language. It's better not to add to the noise.
Racial slurs will not be tolerated here
Typically a person that calls other people names, is sometimes someone who is not happy with themselves.
I think you would have a more productive time adding something of more substance to the conversation. Internet shouting slurs gets lost.
Please do not make comments that are racist in nature
Instead of using slurs to get your point across maybe try thinking more thoughtfully about what you could add to the conversation.
Derogatory language of any kind will not be tolerated here
It is very disrespectful to call someone a horrible name that was used to discriminate against color.
Instead of adding to the noise with racist, transphobic, xenophobic language, maybe you could try voicing your opinion in a constructive way
I'm not quite sure what all that was but you need to refrain from using the re word, it just makes you sound ignorant when you use it.
Using foul language doesn't help make one's point more valid.
You keep talking about right and wrong yet you insult the disabled for no reason. Think about what you are saying.
Someone might actually listen to you if you verbalize all of these thoughts without racist garbage thrown in.
Name calling is a childish way to describe someone or something.
In truth, people who use slurs and believe racist conspiracies are wimps.
You throw around that word like it means nothing, you need to refrain from using hate speech towards people it just makes you ignorant.
Your comment was completely insensitive and uncalled for, first of all she cut ties with him, but no one should be called the re word.
I don't think you are sorry but you should be. What you said actually is very wrong on many levels.
Your comment was a complete waste of my time to read, maybe next time you can use a complete sentence without vomiting out your mouth.
Talking down on someone and calling them such crued names shows a lack of respect.
When you use that word, it reveals a weakness and insecurity in your character.
Use of the word "faggot" falls under the label of hate speech. Any further use of such language may result in termination of your account.
I don't see what someone's sexual orientation has to do with this.
Derogatory language has been detected in your post. Please refrain for using this language in future posts.
I fail to see how that would make all Democrats seem like they are mentally disabled Anti-Semites.
Your post has been flagged as containing hate speech. Further infractions may result in account restrictions.
You could just say "I know HE isn't blind."
Use of derogatory words is a violation of our TOS and may result in suspension/termination of your account.
Thief would be a much better descriptor.
Your post contains language that has been marked as hate speech. Please refrain from the use of such language in future posts.
Just because people are open-minded doesn't mean they've done anything wrong.
I think people would be more willing to take your point into account if you could be more thoughtful about how you say it.
I don't understand why everything is connected to gay slurs for you.
It's okay to disagree on politics and get upset when being attacked, but by using sexist language you attack all women. Not just her.
No hate speech is tolerated on Reddit, of any kind. This thread is closed. We insist you review our user policies. Final warning. Thank you
Please don't speak to women like this for any reason.
You can criticize corruption without relating it to race.
Even if you dislike him I wish you would not use such a horrible term.
Those with physical and mental disabilities on Reddit would insist you choose your words more respectfully from now on. Final warning. Ty
This is what happens when you divide all of your ideology by race.
I think that you are capable of voicing dissent in more constructive and engaging ways.
This is completely pointless and there was no need to use these words.
You didn't need to throw racial hate speech into your post, you just sound like an ignorant hick now.
This kind of language does nothing to further your point of view. Please consider re-wording if you wish to be taken seriously.
People would take you more seriously if you too the re word out of your vocabulary, it is very disrespectful.
If you wish to gain respect, please make sure you use respectful language. I ask you reconsider your use of language.
Your mother needs to wash your mouth out with soap little boy, you have a vile little mouth.
You can disagree with someone without resorting to foul derogatory and demeaning language. Please refrain from using this language.
Your post is gibberish and disgusting all wrapped into one, you need to grow up and stop using word vomit when you type.
If you have a point to make, I ask that you do so without the use of foul language.
Using language like that is disgusting and it makes no one respect you or take you seriously, it just makes you immature.
Demeaning language will not gain you respect. Please reconsider your words.
I would let the original poster know that they were engaging hate speech and provide them with links to educational information.
The term used here is derogatory and not a friendly term to use when referencing the gay community. Please choose your words more carefully.
I would let this poster know they are engaging in hate speech and then provide them with links to educational information.
The term you have used here is offensive towards the disabled community and is hurtful to them. You need to be more careful with your words.
The term you have used is racist, and has no place in this discussion. You need to use words that are less hateful, and do not harm others!
I would let these posters know they are engaging in hate speech and then provide them with links to educational information.
The term you have used in your statement is inappropriate, as it is derogatory towards the disabled. Please be more careful with your words.
The term you have used may not have been meant to harm, but it is a derogatory term towards women. Please be more careful with your words.
Derogatory language referring to ethnicity is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
Such hateful speech towards ethnic groups is uncalled for, and ultimately reflects poorly on yourself
Derogatory terms referring to the mentally challenged in any context is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
Such language is hurtful towards mentally disabled persons
I am sympathetic to your anger, but I can't engage with you further if you continue to use slurs.
Calling someone this is incredibly harmful to those with mental disabilities, and who deserve respect.
Such bigoted language serves to purpose in conversation, and only aims to hurt others.
The C word, language attacking one's gender or the mentally challenged are unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
Such language is uncalled for - Not only did it contribute nothing to the conversation, but it disrespects women and the mentally disabled.
Using these words to attack is not tolerated.
There is no need to belittle people like that, it does not make you better than them.
Do not make fun of people for their looks. The way they do their hair has nothing to do with their political opinions.
Using this offensive language is not tolerated here.
This type of speech is unacceptable. I will not sit here and listen to you be racist towards others.
The use of this language is inappropriate and not tolerated.
You are no better than anyone else so shut your mouth about people from different situations than you.
Using this language is not tolerated here. It is offensive and uncalled for.
Do not assume anything just because of someone's political view or their nationality.
Language attacking ethnicity and religious affiliation is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
This is not appropriate conversation. Can you please keep this conversation non-offensive. Thank you.
Their religion is irrelevant.
Language attacking religious affiliation is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
Please refrain from using hate speech here. be kind to fellow posters.
Not sure why that is relevant.
Please do not use that language here. we like to keep a clean family friendly environment.
Questioning others sexuality in an internet arguement is sooooooo 2008.
Language attacking sexual orientation and derogatory terms for women are unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
Just because someone likes the same sex or has a mental disability doesn't mean they are less than you.
Well in that case, you couldn't either.
Hey there, Derogatory and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
It is better to judge people based on their character, not a racial or lifestyle stereotype.
Not as unhinged as the person who is overgeneralizing an entire population of people.
Well shes on the telly for a reason, so maybe don't be so harsh.
Hey there, sexist and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thanks
Making assumptions about and name calling a person you've never met isn't going to solve anything.
Wouldn't you say a lot of people want to find a way to get rid of trump? Just get over it and don't take it so personal.
Whoa there, Derogatory and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Using that word just discredits any chance of you being respected on here.
The gratuitous use of "fa--ot" adds nothing of substance here and must be eliminated.
There is no purpose to spewing out what you just wrote, you need to grow up and learn how to speak like a respectable adult.
Misogyny and racism (" [n-word] bi--h") combine to give cause for this comment to be excised here.
Both of you need to stop using that word like it means nothing, you throw it around like it is nothing, you both need to grow up.
Using "Ret--d" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and must be avoided here.
There is no reason to talk about someone like that, even if she is gay that is hate speech and you need to be ashamed of yourself.
This comment is sufficiently hateful to warrant its exclusion from Gab due to its misogyny.
There is no purpose for using that word and twice at that, you need to learn how to speak like an adult and stop using hate speech.
Using "Ret--d(ed)" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
The term you used to refer to a woman is very sexist, and entirely hurtful to most women which you should refer to them as.
If you aren't informed on what you hate you should not speak this way about it.
It's much easier to refer to a female as a women instead of calling her a derogatory term.
I wish that you wouldn't use such a hurtful word so needlessly.
Referring to Hilary Clinton as that term is horrible, it wouldn't be nice if somebody referred to your sister or mother in that manner.
I hope that this isn't a threat of bombing against innocent people.
The way you talk about Muslim people as if they are savages is bad, why not actually learn about them before you judge.
I hope that you can take a step back and see that you are calling for actual political violence.
The term you have used here is offensive to the disabled community, and should not be used in this context. Please use better word choice.
Making fun of handicapped people makes you seem uneducated.
Can you refrain from using the re word, I know it probably means nothing to you but it is a really loaded word that doesn't need to be used.
The term you have used here is very offensive and a form of racism. Please refrain from using this term in any context!
Making fun of a nationality and race doesn't look good on your. Go educate yourself.
You don't need to use racist hate speech like that to get your point across about something, now no one is going to take you seriously.
The term you have used is very offensive to others, and a form of racism. Please refrain from using such a hateful remark!
Making fun of a race shows me that you are uneducated.
Your racist hate comments are unneeded, you need to go somewhere and grow up before you come back and post.
The term you have used here is offensive towards the disabled community, and does not belong here. Please use better word choice.
Making fun of a handicapped person is hateful. You need to educate yourself.
There is no reason to use the re word, there are millions of words to use and you use a loaded word like that, think harder next time.
Antisemitism has had some really terrible consequences in this century.
Hi there, xenophobic and racist slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
You are ruining your own enjoyment of some very good media.
Singleminded defensiveness of a someone who has done such bad things isn't going to age well.
I wish you wouldn't use words like that in such casual contexts.
This is basically like taking your ball and going home because you're racist, and it isn't hurting anyone else.
Hi, xenophobic and derogatory slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thank you
No need to get nasty, we're all adults here.
Maybe you shouldn't encourage suicide.
Even if you are trying to defend yourself there is no reason to tell someone to kill themselves.
YOu shouldn't insult people with mental disabilities.
You shouldn't look for stories that confirm anti-semitic bias.
Your only insulting me, due to your lack of self esteem
I wish that you would be able to see immigrants as people who need kindness.
ThatsT a little overboard, I'm sure there's more to the story.
OH, my, you shouldn't really insult people on their sexual orientataion.
I hope that you know that trans people are very vulnerable in this country.
What you are talking about is just one step away from ethnic cleansing.
Mocking the disabled doesn't help prove your point.
Mensa requires an iq of 140 or above.
You can't effectively both hate her and hate what she is doing at the same time.
No need to offend all women because you dislike one in particular.
Howard the Duck is considered one of the 50 worst movies of all time.
Nobody should be advocating this kind of violence in a situation like this.
They were actually doing their jobs, the video clearly shows this.
I don't think that this is an argument that you should be having over pedophilia.
Sexuality has nothing to do with this discussion. It is reasonable to dislike inappropriate images like this guy states.
Raggedy Ann and Andy are soft collectible dolls.
I wish you did not feel so comfortable using such a horrible word.
I'm sure you can find words that are less offensive to women.
That is the dutch word for side.
I wish that you wouldn't go out of your way to harass women in your daily life.
You are making light of the greatest tragedy of this century.
Hi there, derogaory and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thx
Using gay people as an insult isn't kind to the gay people you know.
If this is a joke, it's deeply unfunny and disrespectful.
Hey there, Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other people’s feelings. Thank you
Your ideas of proportional justice are based on your own fears.
The demographic changes in this country are less dramatic than you describe.
Offensive terms help no one
You can make the same point just calling it the "nonsense standard."
That word is not acceptable
There is nothing wrong with inviting a black person over for dinner.
That term is not ok to use
The two races you describe are known for positive things not what you describe.
Using offensive terms is not going to get anyone to listen to you
You both seem too smart to have your arguments detracted by using hateful speech.
Language attacking religious affiliation and derogatory terms for the mentally challenged is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
That's quite a lot of words. I don't think they can be all those things.
Language denigrating women is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
It is more convincing to make arguments than to just use insults like those.
It is better to judge someone based on their character, rather than the stereotype of their lifestyle.
You should just call them dumb, no need to use offensive words.
Language denigrating someone's gender and derogatory terms for the mentally challenged is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
This word is not okay to use
These words are not okay to use
Hi there, Racist and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
This is not an okay way to talk to people
This word is not acceptable
This is not an okay word to use
Woof, buddy, slow down there. It's really easy to use hateful language, but I plead with you to think of the repercussions of your hatred.
Using derogatory and profane language when referring to a child of African descent is unnecessary and offensive.
This is absolutely disgusting, awful hate speech and you need to stop.
You know, it's easier to be hateful but it is more rewarding to be helpful.
Sexual orientation is a complicated issue and your use of offensive slurs  towards homosexuals detracts from your argument.
You need to stop. This language is hateful and unacceptable.
Everyone has a personal taste and I encourage you to not be so hateful toward things you just don't like.
You're toeing the line on language here. Please settle down.
It's one thing to use hate speech, another to use it in the wrong syntax. Please help me help you with this.
Not every Muslim is of African descent; nor is it productive to use a racial slur to prove your point.
This language is absolutely disgusting and inappropriate. You need to stop this.
If you are going to make supporting the police a part of your identity you can't be so selective.
Maybe you should step back and think about why you used that language. Your complaint has nothing to do with race or mental health.
I don't think it's appropriate to use this language for something like a phone repair.
Replacing the vulgar language with more appropriate words would make it more pleasurable for others to read the post.
It's really not funny to talk about sexual violence in this way.
Using vulgar language to speak of women shows a lack of respect.
Please understand that you are speaking this way about real women in pain.
I don't understand the joke here. I think that if you explained it to me you might get an inkling as to why I'm not sure what is funny.
Using foul language can make others think you have a lack of a good vocabulary.
Perhaps if you engaged with this art you would understand these people's humanity.
You are allowed to have your own opinions about music but I think that the only factor should be your personal taste, not race or religion.
Describing something using racial slurs speaks volumes about one's character.
There is nothing wrong with loving people of different religions.
Using offensive terms is not the answer
Just because you disagree with someone's opinion doesn't mean you should attack them based on religion.
Stop teleporting to different time periods, you get confused.
There is no reason to use that term
That's a terribly offensive word and if you understood its history you might not use it so freely.
All news sources are biased in one form or another.  Also, you spelled Hillary's last name incorrectly.
Name calling gets nothing done
You should be able to argue your point wihtout being offensive and using rude language.
I'm sure he/she has some knowledge that can be useful to all of us, just like you do.
If you really think you're right in an argument, make your point without resorting to name calling.
We all seem a bit distracted in here.  The original question is a good one.
That term should not be used find a new one
If you want to call a point incorrect, just say that, and don't use terms offensive to mentally challenged people.
Please do not post homophobic content on this site.
The statements you make are very damaging to others, so please remove the hurtful comments.
Antisemitic and homophobic content are not tolerated here.
Please don't talk in such a way to offend others with negative remarks.
Please don't post homophobic content here.
Hello there, homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thanks
Remove the obscene comments please and use more objectivity in your remarks.
Racist and sexist content shouldn't be posted here.
Please express your thoughts with more care to others' feelings.
Please do not post racist content on this site, it is not a good idea.
Employ more appropriate words in discussing your opinions.
Negative speech towards Jews and slurs attaching the mentally challenged are not tolerated.
Please take out the contemptuous comments from your conversation.
The N word is unacceptable in any context. Please do not use that term.
Oust the horrible remarks from your speech please.
Racist and language that attacks someones sexual orientation is not allowed.
Any language attacking the mentally challenged will not be tolerated in this forum.
Withdraw the offensive rips on people please.
Slurs related to sexual orientation are not tolerated. Please refrain from their use.
Eliminate the horrific words from your expressions please.
Slurs referring to sexual orientation and violent speech are not acceptable.
I understand you have an opinion, but please express yourself in a way that is not going to hurt others so much.
Please do not use sexual orientation slurs.
I wish I had the context in your life to understand why you want to be so mean. If you need help, ask for it.
Please do not use slang words associated with people with intellectual disabilities.
Using foul language and name calling doesn't make your point of view anymore valid.
No political leader is great , but there's no need for such a hateful rhetoric. You can do better. We all can.
This conversation doesn't even make sense, much less have anything that qualifies your use of hateful language. Please reconsider.
Please do not use derogatory slang of a sexual or religious nature.
Using that foul language to describe a woman shows a serious lack of respect.
There is so much hate in this conversation, I almost hate myself. I trust you to make better decisions in the future. Please think about it.
One doesn't need to use foul language to express their point of view.
I understand everyone is upset right now over our socio-economic situation, but there's no reason to escalate with foul language.
In all fairness calling anyone "retarded" as a slur is pretty much admitting you haven't evolved socially since 1992.
That doesn't even make sense, let's keep the racial slurs out of here
Also a choice: not using that word here and avoiding the ban hammer.
Language. Using the word "retard" to say whatever it is that you want to say is just lazy.
I think we're okay with misogynistic uneducated pig, but the rest of that sentence is problematic and offensive.
Race doesn't make people dumb, using racial slurs does however show off how ignorant people are. Stop it.
This term can be considered offensive to people with mental disabilities, please do not use it.
The U.S. does only provide social services to citizens. They are not coming here for free things but to escape the horrors of their country.
The usage of foul language and name calling does nothing but start pointless arguments.
This word is highly offensive to the LGBT community, please do not use it.
I believe the preferred term is gay and there is nothing wrong with someone making different life choices than you.
African Americans may find this offensive, please use a different descriptive word.
Race has nothing to do with work ethics.
This is offensive to gay people, please refrain from using it.
Name calling really does not get your point across. Lets instead discuss the real issue that you are upset about.
Using a foul term like that to describe someone shows a lack of respect.
This word is offensive to women, please do not use it.
Please do not use derogatory terms about people with special needs.
It's upsetting that you would use a slur like this to refer to a child.
Even if you feel you are on the right side, it doesn't help your cause to use this language.
Please do not use racist language. It is not acceptable.
Please don't be so proud of your hatred of women or black people.
It doesn't make sense to hate an entire race or religion based on the actions of a few people.
Please do not use racist expressions.
You should try to be more open to people who are different than you.
Please do not use language that demeans women. Thank you.
A simple fashion trend should not provoke such a sexist response from you.
Name calling a person you don't even know isn't going to solve anything.
I appreciate hearing news from the other side as to not be too biased. He seems to be an okay source.
You might have just had an unsuccessful marriage. There are plenty of marriages that have a healthy sexual relationship
Its totally wrong to equate Hitler with homosexuals. He was awful with no ties to any community besides the Nazi party
I appreciate multiculturalism and now I know who to admire, so thanks.
The media makes a lot of this up or they make it seem worse than it is. I never seen anyone act up because of a hat.
Let's discuss this without insulting people with developmental disabilities.
There is no reason to bring disabled people into this.
Wow, I mean it's only his job to protect those people. I cannot believe they actually stuck up for him.
What do women's genitals have to do with this conversation?
Focusing on confirming your fears is going to make you feel less safe in your world.
I give him a lot of credit for coming out back then. I am not sure he was Jewish but I could be wrong.
Apparently, racism and anti-Semitism are still issues as indicated by this response.
This is a really hurtful reaction to someone sharing information about a great man.
Scientific research doesn't support this assertion. What are your sources for such a sweeping generalization?
I hope that you understand what this kind of thinking leads to.
I never did understand why food stamps paid for candy and soda but not a roll of toilet paper. Maybe they want us to get sick.
Your response is not only offensive, but it make no sense.
You should look into the statistics of who actually uses food stamps.
Talking down to others and using foul language makes no valid point on the topic at hand.
This thread has been closed. We ask that you review our user polices before posting again. This is a final warning. Thank you
Using this term is not going to make you win your argument
Reddit is a global community. Your account has been suspended. You can appeal this action by email a Moderator. Thank you.
Using offensive slurs is not going going to help anything
Your accounts are suspended. Please review our user policies. You can email a Moderator to appeal this action.
Using offensive terms leads to no good
Hate speech is not tolerated on Reddit. You can feel free to email a Moderator concerning your account bans. Thank you, have a nice day.
Using offensive terms does no good
Using this kind of language is offensive and unkind. Please refrain.
Judging someone based on the media when you haven't even met them , doesn't make any sense.
Using this kind of language is offensive, please refrain.
It doesn't make sense to hate an entire race based on the actions o a few people.
This kind of language is not tolerated.
Using this kind of language is not tolerated, please refrain.
Using this language to attack a group is not tolerated.
Although you may not like a person, terrible words like that are not the proper way of expressing yourself, you need to show respect.
The term you have used here is derogatory & harmful towards the gay community. You need to use a different choice of words to prevent harm.
Just because someone is a different religion or has a different lifestyle, doesn't mean they are less than you.
None of that is nice to say, if somebody isn't doing what you want ignore them and keep it moving.
The term you have used here is derogatory and offensive towards women. You need to be more careful with your word choices.
Name calling a person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
Please don't use those words to refer to a person, they are quite the horrible way to express your anger towards people.
The term you have used is derogatory and offensive towards women. This can cause harm to others. You need to use better word choices.
It doesn't make any sense to name call a person you haven't even met.
If you would like somebody to leave you alone say it without the languge and referring to them as a derogatory term for woman.
The term you have used is derogatory and offensive towards women. You can prevent harm to others by using a better choice of words.
Making fun of the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
The term you have used is offensive towards women, and is not necessary to use. You can prevent harm with a better choice of words.
Just because you dislike someone doesn't mean they deserve to be mocked.
Insulting people by calling them gay is not going to help anybody.
This post engages in homophobic hate speech ("fairy gay fa--ot"), so is sufficiently offensive to warrant its exclusion from this site.
It doesn't make sense to make assumptions about a person that you've never meant.
I'm sure that you can see how using these slurs has derailed the conversation.
Both misogynistic hatred ("c--t bag") and venom toward the disabled ("re fucking t--ded") will result in this comment being banned from gab.
Using this dehumanizing language about a whole race of people is going to degrade your views.
Neo-nazi anti-semitic rancor, homophobia ("fa--ot")  and misogyny  ("c--t") all evidenced here give ample reason to ban such hate speech.
I hope you see the irony in what you just said.
I don't understand what part of this you think is funny.
Racism (promoting KKK), the n-word, disabled-bashing ("Trumptards"), misogyny ("kick the ... girl", "pu--y"): all hateful spite banned here.
Your post uses speech than denigrates sexual orientation, sex and gender in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
This comment is hurtful to women and female-identifying people. A woman's worth is not based on her ability to be in a porn movie.
Whoa there, sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Being Muslim should not be an insult, and people in all religions are well versed and poorly versed in their texts.
This comment manages to use racer and gender simultaneously to create a vapid insult.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service  Agreement.
Women are not to be referred to by their sexual parts.
The ideas about that man are certainly mixed, but that term should be phased out of the English language.
Racist or language that attacks someones sexual orientation is not allowed.
Language attacking sexual orientation or ethnicity is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
The N word and language attacking someone's race is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
The N word and language attacking race and ethnicity is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
Please reassess your comments and use ones that are not defiling to others.
Your words aren't just racist/ sexist/ homophobic-there's some real conspiracy theory paranoia here. Might want to have that checked out.
Please be more attentive to others and use less aggressive words.
If you think "freed slaves" were violent, you should study the history of the traders who dragged African people here to be slaves.
Strike out the despicable opinions and use language that isn't so hateful.
The use of "retard" makes you look insensitive and foolish.
Please express your thoughts in words that are less offending.
I actually am gay. Not sure what that has to do with this conversation though.
Please use more warmth in your commentary and less debasing language.
I don't think "that c--t"is actually part of his official title.
Your opinion would hold more weight without profanity
Please refrain from attacking an individual based on derogatory terms for sexual organs, you don't want to appear immature.
Can you tell me your opinion without attacking others.
Using slurs and discriminatory and offensive adjectives is the most hurtful way to address you anger. Seek therapy instead.
Could you keep to facts as to why?
It is pointless and foolish to attack someone based on assumptions, try looking up actual facts for yourself if you truly want to know.
Using that language doesn't help you make your point here at all
I appreciate your point but please use a professional classification.
Every person has unique experiences and to discredit and attack that makes you yourself appear absent minded. Put yourself in their shoes.
I understand you are upset but how does someone's choice affect you?
Spend your time more constructively than just uttering derogatory terms. Maybe you yourself might be in the closet and not know. Do therapy.
There is no point using that language here at all
People are going to dismiss you as racist if you use words like that. I'm sure you want people to take you seriously.
Nothing is funny about how you are speaking about a human being, there is no reason anyone should ever speak how you two have.
I understand where you are coming from but if you limited your use of racial hate your point would come across better
Your speech is vile, you need to learn how to communicate without just spewing word vomit.
Your views could possibly be expressed with less aggression, people would show a lot more respect towards you.
You seem to dislike these people just for who they are not any of their policies.
Your opinion gives you a working brain, that is pretty halarious considering you have the brains of a 5 year old using language like that.
Your use of derogatory terms could really impact people who you are demeaning.
Sometimes it is better to walk away than to insult people.
That word is vile there is no reason to use it and you just throw it around like it is nothing, you need to be ashamed of yourself.
That's really funny, but it would be even funnier if you didn't curse.
Your offensive language is also undermining the movement.
The only person that is underminding anything is someone who would use the language you just spewed all over everyone, grow up.
I know that term is ingrained in our culture, but please consider the effect it has on homosexuals.
Excise the harmful remarks from your commentary please.
Maybe shes hiding it because of derogatory terms like the ones you just used
The foul language used show a lack of understanding for the topic at hand.
Please don't use such words as they are attacking those with disabilities.
Generally responses that aren't meant to offend are taken more seriously.
Please forego the harmful comments toward others, and say kinder thoughts.
Why accuse another of being racist only to follow with a hateful term that offends and hurts people for no reason also
There are much better terms that can be used to replace the foul language.
Please terminate all the deplorable comments and use gentler language.
There are better ways to get your point across than using hateful terms.
Name calling does nothing but lead to pointless arguments.
Please remove the unpleasant remarks that are damaging to others from your comments.
Your responses don't seem to be based on any realistic facts or data, I fee your intentions might just be to provoke reaction.
There's no need to refer to a group with such hatred.
Racism and the "n word" are not permitted here, so you should avoid them--if you want to stay.
It's disgusting to characterize an entire group of people as dangerous, especially with that word.
Threatening race-based violence, gay-bashing, and the "n word," all exhibited here, contribute to toxic discourse and so are banned.
Defending racism is ok, but not when you resort to racism yourself.
Regardless of its use case, the "n word" has so much hateful baggage that it should be avoided.
Just because you disagree with a political affiliation doesn't mean it's ok to use terrible words like that.
"Ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Even if you're supporting a person, it doesn't make it ok to use racial slurs relating to them.
I can't believe that you are talking about actually executing other citizens of your country.
You shouldn't insult someones religion and sexuality like that.
Hey man, no need to use hate speech to get your point across.
This word is extremely hurtful to a lot of Americans.
Saying that doesn't make the situation better.
Unacceptable language.
I hope you realize that you are only proving his point.
Attack someones sexuality is wrong.
Using insults to get your point across is a sure way to lose an argument.
It's apparent you hate everyone.
Neither of these conspiracies is sensible at all and they are worrying.
Let's please keep this respectful, using insulting words won't help anything.
No need to offend all women because you don't believe one.
A woman is trying to tell you that she has been hurt.
I know you're angry but let's please keep the vulgar language out of this.
This conversation has nothing to do with sexuality.
This is a childish conversation that is based around being hurtful to gay people.
Let's please keep the insults down and talk to each other respectfully.
Really offensive slur against disabled people.
If you view everything as a war against you then it's going to be hard for you to live in peace.
We need to discuss this in a civil, adult manner without bringing insults.
These homophobic slurs make no sense in the context of this discussion.
The culture of targeting people who are trying to do the right thing is not creating a good environment.
If you don't like who you are chatting with then please leave, there is no need to insult anyone.
There is no need to speak that way about someone, you are made out to be a really ignorant person when you speak like that.
You need to be ashamed of yourself for speaking like that about another human being, you are really ignorant if you beleive what you said.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and/or race and sexual orientation in violation of Community Guidelines and TOS Agree.
Racial slurs and gender hatred have no place in this context. You need to educate yourself.
Can you stop using the re word, it is really not a great way to express what you mean, there are many other ways you could say it.
You need to be ashamed of yourself for using such speech, you are a hateful racists and I want nothing to do with you ever.
Your post denigrates sexual orientation and serious disease and/or race in violation of Com. Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
You can verbalize what you think without using hate speech, people respect someone who can have a conversation without vile language.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation and/or ethnicity in violation of Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
Using the N word makes you look desperate to offend, it's sad.
Use of the n-word and slurs as used here is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults blacks.
Clearly what you are saying is racist. It looks like insecurity to me that a woman chose a man other than you.
Violence answers nothing.
Calling someone a faggot just makes any other point you had redundant.
I would do what I want and don't call me a gender-based slur.
Using the N word is completely unnecessary and just makes you look stupid and racist.
I understand that you are upset about the news but using racist words is hate speech.
no one will take you seriously using words like retard and the N word.
Loretta Lynch was an attorney general and far more successful than you are.
This uses an offensive term that will only offend people
Using "tw-t" to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
this contains an offensive term and a very offensive concept
Racist hate speech and the use of the "n word" combine here to mark this post as subject to immediate excision from this forum.
Ther are very offensive terms and descriptions used in these posts they will not help your agrument
Homophobia ("fa--ot") and racism ("ape level IQ NI---RS") mark this post as inappropriate for this site.
This is an offensive term and I don't want to even read the rest of your post because I shut down when I see someone using that word
Using "ret---ded" to mean low intelligence may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
This uses and offensive term that makes me not want to read the rest
Misogynistic hatred, marked by the use of "dyke" and "bit--es," is 
not appropriate for this forum.
The pejorative use of "tw-t" is hateful and detracts from intelligent discourse. It should be avoided.
Anti-female slurs add nothing to your argument here.
You should not want harm to come to those who simply disagree with you.
No need to offend females in order to voice your disapproval.
Please don't associate gendered terms with those that you don't like.
Misogyny (bit-h") and homophobic hatred ("fa--ot") are banned here as hate speech; please try to avoid both.
Mocking alternative lifestyles has no place in this post.
It's really disrespectful to speak this way about a dead man.
Racism and disabled-bashing speech mark this post as sufficiently daft and venomous to warrant a ban.
This single post manages to offend several different groups of people.
You're showing several obsessive tendencies here that should be cause for concern.
Disagreeing with one women is no reason to use offensive slurs towards the entire gender.
Please try to show more sympathy for a victim of a violent crime.
Please express yourself more respectfully about people who are different from you.
Please refrain from flinging insults and the uses of derogatory language.
There was a whole lotta disgusting talk in your post, you need to rethink your entire life if this is really how you speak.
It's not okay to use language like that to refer to women. Please be more respectful.
You can disagree with someone without degrading them. Please reconsider your choice of words.
You don't need to use words reffering to a womans parts, it makes you ignorant and no one will ever take you seriously.
Please avoid expressing racist sentiments. Thank you.
If your point is to spread hate and derogatory language, I ask that you keep your comments to yourself.
You are a fine steaming pile of biggot, there was no need to throw in racial hate speech like that.
Please avoid homophobic language.
It is possible to disagree with someone without using derogatory and hate-fueled language. Please consider re-wording your comment.
There is no need to use language like that, you seem like a child just learning how to type.
That type of racist speech is not OK. Please moderate your language.
Please re-think your usage of hurtful derogatory language. Points can be made clearly without it.
No one especially a woman should be assaulted because of her pro-life views.
The term used here is offensive towards the LGBT+ community, and has no place here. Please refrain from using this harmful language.
That show will never succeed without her.
The term you have used here is offensive towards the disabled community, and has no place here. Please use better word choices.
I cannot stand spamming, but I don't think it's religiously targeted.
The language used here makes fun of the Jewish community, and is offensive towards the LGBT+ community. Please use better word choices.
She has way too much money. Even if she was guilty I'm not sure it matters.
The term used here is derogatory towards women, and should never be used in this context. Please refrain from using any harmful language.
People of all colors are beautiful. Children that are interracial are the most beautiful of them all.
The term used here is derogatory and racist, and there is zero tolerance of racism here! Please be more careful with your choice of words.
This word is not okay to be used
Please remove the rancid comments from your speech.
Please try to find other words to express how you feel about a person.
Please eliminate the hurtful remarks and say something productive.
A person's race defines nothing about that person's character.
It is not okay to use this word in this way
Please treat others with care and don't use harmful language.
Please take out the hateful speech and utilize gentler words.
Calling a person names won't change anything. If you want to make a change then vote for someone else.
Please exercise restraint when giving your opinions, and use less offensive words.
Please try to think of a word to insult Clegg with that doesn't degrade women.
Just because you have a different opinion than someone doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of.
It doesn't make sense to make fun of an entire race based on the actions of a few people.
Keep the slurs holstered next time.
Just because someone has a mental disability doesn't mean they deserve to be mocked.
You need to meet a person before you judge them based solely on their lifestyle.
You too, can help keep homophobia off of Gab.
Everyone is different. You should judge people on their character, not their race.
Let's stop the caps lock hate rants, please.
We should all refrain from using derogatory terms towards each other that demean intelligence and promote misogyny.
That type of racist and sexist language is not acceptable. Please moderate your speech in future.
In 2019, we should refrain from using racial slurs as they are unfounded and do not contribute to discussions or the resolution of arguments
Please avoid using sexist and homophobic language.. It is not acceptable.
I do not see the connection between pedophilia, sexuality and Nazis. Filling a comment with slurs of all sorts is not constructive.
Please note that speech that denigrates people on the basis of religion, race and gender are not acceptable. Please moderate your language.
It is okay to state statistics to back up your statements, but they do not need to include offensive remarks that have no real contribution.
That type of language to describe a women is not appropriate.
Attacking someone for their success is not fair to those who work hard to achieve their success, there is no need for derogatory insults
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
Everyone is different. You should judge people on their character before their race or religion.
Just because someone is a different religion or lifestyle doesn't mean they are less than you.
It doesn't make sense to hate someone that you haven't even met.
This post is offensive to multiple races and religions.
There is a long history of Jewish military service.
The argument is valid but your use of racial slurs is offensive.
You are making a legitimate political point, there is no need to undermine it with disrespectful language.
You have managed to offend multiple groups of people in one sentence.
If you use language like that people are not going to take you seriously.
There is no point in using that language here at all
Using that slang term is really offensive to disabled people.
One of you seems to know a lot about this issue. Sometime it is not good to engage with ignorant people regardless of how you feel.
Not cool to mock disabled people.
You should have ended your argument before the hashtag, it undermined your point.
Using language denigrating the mentally challenged is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
You should work on being more flexible when you are confronted with facts.
Using terms that denigrate women is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
Using gendered slurs doesn't make this any more of an effective insult.
Using terms that denigrate the mentally challenged is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
You don't need to resort to this kind of language when things don't go your way.
You shouldn't all be trying to encourage each other to hate Muslim people.
I wish you wouldn't use this word like it's not hurtful to actual people in real life.
More concrete refences than colorful ones would makes a more meaningful point.
The term you have used here is offensive to the disabled community, and has no place here. Please refrain from using this harmful language.
Concrete refences than colorful ones are less ambigous and more persuasive.
The language used here is vulgar towards the Muslim community, and has offense towards women. Please use a better choice of words.
Colorful references although may be funny are ambigous and less persuasive.
Though it may not be meant in offense to others, the term used here is a derogatory term that is offensive. Please use better word choices.
,More concrete refences than colorful ones would makes a more meaningful point.
The language used here is derogatory and racist, and there is no toleration for racism here. Please refrain from using harmful words.
The term used here is not necessary, and is offensive to the LGBT+ community. You should refrain from continuing to use harmful words.
I saw a marmot once it looked like a beaver on muppets.
Explain that Muslims are not pedos
Urine itself is sterile.
Explain that Jim Acosta is most likely not that type of person
The terms they use are very racist
We need to stop growing our meat i a lab.
Use of the "N" word is not tolerated
All for the want of a horseshoe nail . Look that line up.
Explain that Obama is not a muslim
"Ret--d" used here offends the mentally disabled and their families; please try to avoid it.
The "N word" offends many and so does not belong in intelligent commentary.
Hey, racist and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thanks
"Fa--ot" is a term of hatred, so has no place in adult debate.
In spite of its being ludicrous in this context, merely using the "n word" is grounds for banishment from Gab and so should be avoided.
Racism and homophobia as exhibited here, and using the n word, may result in banishment from Gab.
Racial ignorance looks bad on you and is hurtful. Educate yourself.
While we are free to speak our minds, most users will not tolerate such blatant hate and disrespect, please redirect your anger elsewhere.
Wow, what the heck is going on here? I don't even understand where this hate speech came from, much less where it's going.
Attacking women is a very uneducated and low thing to do.
When such harsh words are spoken against another human being, it is difficult for the rest of us to understand the original topic.
Looks like you need to rethink how your language impacts people. There's no reason to be rude in this situation.
Racial ignorance looks bad on you and is hurtful. Educate yourself and you will find your way.
Wheels are on the top list of inventions, although I do not think the foul word you used are a real group of people.
I wish you would think about this kind of stuff before posting it. There are plenty of ways to insult people without using hate speech.
Making fun of handicapped people really makes you seem uneducated.
The use of such a word is outdated, hurtful, and crude, perhaps foolish is a better word.
You could just say 'the most stupid thing'. This is already a very charged situation and you may be distracting from the problem here.
I can only imagine it's boredom that causes people to post such harmful statements, however, It might be helpful to read a good book.
It's really not cool to be so hateful, and I can't stop you, but I CAN encourage you to do better. Please do better.
You could have just said "do it." It would have made a better point.
Your words are hateful on handicapped people and persons of another nationality. Educate yourself
Just call them stupid, there's no need to bring offensive language into this. Calling them sheep is more effective.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and must be avoided.
Please tell what you think without the aggressive language.
We ask that you review our user polices and refrain from such language in the future. Thank you for your understanding.
Please help foster a safer environment by using less hateful words.
While we respect your right to an opinion we must insist you not use such terms in the future. Thank you for your understanding
"Fa--ot" as used here is hateful, homophobic, offensive, and must be avoided.
Please bring an end to the damaging remarks toward others.
We insist you refrain from using such language and review our user policies and codes of conduct. Thank you in advance
Please use more pleasant words in your conversations with others.
Your account is being temporarily suspended. In the meantime we suggest reviewing our user policies. Reddit is for everyone.
Anti-Islamic bigoted hate must be eschewed in this "Gab-fest." Please avoid it.
Please give your feedback in a way that is not so rude and harmful to others.
Reddit is a worldwide community. We respect your right to an opinion but cannot tolerate such language. This is a first warning. Thank you.
Language that denigrates women is not acceptable. Please moderate your speech.
Gender and race are categories that shouldn’t be the basis of an insult or disparagement. It’s a lazy flex.
Please moderate your language. Sexist and racist speech is not cool
We will not tolerate derogatory comments of any kind here
Please refrain from using offensive language in your comments
Please do not use that type of language as it denigrates women.
I would rather be a peasant than a serf. So at least I got that going for me.
Maybe they just hate people that refuse to treat others with respect and use unfounded offensive terms.
At least the storm brought a Blue Wave with it.
Lets not jump to conclusions based on things we think we know. Educate yourselves, you don't need to offend to prove your point
Stop trying to make Brexit happen. It's not going to happen.
It's a waste of energy to get upset about things of this caliber that don't have a negative impact, they cant cater to everyone's preference
We all love the female body. And we respect it. By not using that word.
Using terms that offend many people unrelated to the situation doesn't seem like the most intelligent way to get your point across
Tomi is so not ready. She doesn't even take out her metaphorical earrings. Weak sauce.
Your opinions about offending people doesn't hold much weight when you use offensive speach t make
Using these slurs is not a good way to get people to listen to your arguments.
Such language is hurtful to those its directed against. Intolerant language  contributes nothing
really uncalled for, vote how you like but dont spread the abuse please
Immigrants are just people who need your understanding, not your enemies.
Such language is not welcome and marginalizes the mentally disabled. Consider your choice of words when commenting.
oh please enough of that bad language can we not just have a nice debate
I don't know if this is intended to be funny, but it's hurtful to disabled people.
Use of such a word is uncalled for, and is ultimately insulting to those with mental disability.
really no need for the r word, otherwise you would hae be ok
I hope that you can see how these slurs have derailed your conversation.
Such discourse is unwelcome and ultimately uncalled for. Be considerate in your choice of words.
odd development of the conversation, lets just leave it there. bye all
Speaking harshly towards others and using foul language speaks volumes about one's character.
Just because someone is a different race doesn't mean they fit an overgeneralized stereotype.
There are more appropriate ways to describe someone besides resorting to name calling.
Name calling and foul language leads to pointless arguments that fail to make any valid points.
Using derogatory terms against the people you disagree with isn't going to help anything.
The violent hatred and slurs here is flat out unacceptable in any decent conversation.
There are much more appropriate terms that should be used to replace the vulgar language.
Just because someone is a different race than you doesn't mean they are worth less than you.
That sounds like a new band.  You should promote it.
Ahh, come on, words like that can hurt people. I'm sure you could use an alternative word for a persons sexual orientation.
Funny, there is an abundance of racism in gentile DNA.  Go figure!
It doesn't make sense to name call someone that you've never even met.
Everyone is entitled to their own opinion, but i'm sure there are better more constructive words that can be used that wont offend others.
Yes, with three championship rings, he is the NEGUS of basketball.
Just because someone is different race doesn't mean they are less than you.
Things often get heated re sports, but just be aware that you can get into a lot of trouble for using words like that both on and offline.
You have an interesting way of flirting User 2.  But, I don't think it's working.
Homosexual slurs have no place on this thread, let's get back to the topic.
Please refrain from using offensive language of any kind
You have offended women, the disabled and other races in one post.
Hatred toward the disabled ("ret--ded")  and sexist misogynistic venom, give cause for your comment to be taken to the woodshed and shot.
Mocking sexuality and serious mental illness has nothing to do with your concerns.
Homophobic and anti-disabled hate speech are subject to excision, please avoid them here.
By using anti-female slurs, you are alienating a lot of people who would otherwise agree with you.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive that it should be avoided in your intelligent discourse.
Homophobic comments will not be tolerated here
Sexuality has nothing to do with your political agenda.
The term "fa--ot" is itself pestilential and offensive to many people; it should not be used in a political commentary.
The C word and language attacking someone's gender is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
The language used here is offensive to the Muslim community, and derogatory towards women. You need to change your choice of words.
So maybe we can treat people like we would our mothers.
The term used here can be derogatory towards women, and not necessary to use. You can prevent harm by using different word choices.
sometimes you should think before you speak about a woman
The term used here is offensive towards the disabled community, and should not be used. You can prevent harm by using better word choices.
people who don't agree with you are people too.
The term used here originated as a derogatory term towards women, and is still offensive. You can prevent harm by using better word choices.
you shouldn't talk about woman that way.
It doesn't make sense to hate someone that you've never met based on what the media says.
The term used here is offensive towards the disabled community, and should not be used in this context. You need to refrain from using it.
people shouldn't be labeled that way.
Using a derogatory term against someone you disagree with is mocking those with actual mental disabilities.
Diversity is beauty. There is not a reason in the world to be so hateful especially of a stranger.
Calling someone sick while using such vile language is ironic.
Putting her picture up like that on deviantart.com is wrong. She can probably sue them.
You don't have to agree with her, but no need to use slurs offensive to all women.
I think the Brits are thinking the same as this caller.﻿ But it's not the overall positive opinion it should be.
You're describing a man yet offending all females in the process.
Rosie is so annoying but it's not necessary to call her all these names. Have some respect.
That is really offensive and actually adds nothing to your argument except hate.
So what if he has crown. I mean if he earned it so be it.
Mocking someone's race is a low blow.
Such language marginalizes the mentally disabled. There are better choices of words you can use!
Using a derogatory term to describe something you dislike is putting down those with actual mental disabilities.
Such slurs in your comments reflect poorly on your character. Try to imagine how others view your hateful comments before posting them
Such language is hateful towards the mentally disabled. Nobody wants to be treated that way, and you should be more respectful.
Please be mindful of the words you are using. The usage of slurs reflects poorly on your character.
That is inappropriate of you to use that language
Calm down with the hate speech, people have there own opinions
No use using that hate speech, just make your point
you dont have to bring someones lifestyle into the argument
Everyone is different. You should judge people on their character, not their race or religion.
Just because someone is different race, doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of.
Dogs are completely different to humans and we dont need to bring race into the argument
Please do not use such words to describe women.
Please don't become so comfortable with using this word in your daily life.
Using that language is uncalled for. Please refrain.
I wish you wouldn't demonize someone who is telling you that they have been hurt.
Attacking and using those words is uncalled for. Please refrain.
Please don't jump so quickly to using words that are so loaded and ugly.
Using such words is unnecessary. There are other ways to get your point across.
Look how easily you are willing to turn on people who are your allies.
Use of such language is inappropriate and unacceptable. Please refrain.
This is an ugly sentence and is hurting more people than the ones you are trying to hurt.
Nothing has been accomplished by your decision to randomly use a homophobic word.
This word in offensive to a particular group of people
Maxine Waters' net worth is over $450,000 which is far more than yours.
This is an offensive word
You can not even string a sentence together without using hate speech.
This is an extremely racist term
Clearly to me, you can't argue your point without showing you are a bigot.
This is offensive to a specific group of people
You might not disagree with the woman's decision but that does not make it okay to use gender-based slurs.
This post offended specific group of people and use inexcusable curse words
That is just not in any way shape or form okay to say.
It might be better to criticize what you don't like as opposed to resorting to racial slurs.
in this day and age anti semitic comments really have no place
I think you could all make your points better if you didn't reduce the conversation to religious hate, and racism.
Slurs against people's race, religion, and gender have no place in this discussion.
The sexist, racist, and anti-religious language you're using here brings down the conversation and drowns out any valid points you may have.
Attacks on people's race, religion, gender, or disability simply have no place here.
Name calling (especially of the prejudice variety) can make it seem like you don't have valid points to make even if you do.
Slurs against the disabled do not help foster this discussion.
Ableist language does more harm to the group in question than to the person you're trying to insult. Try a different approach.
Since the word "c--t" is so often used in hateful misogynism, it is best to avoid that word here.
Hate speech based on one's genitals is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Please remember that women take offense to language that gives a slang name to one of their body parts. In America, that word is not used.
The epithet "disgusting tw-t" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary.
Using offensive language that gives a slang name to a body part is anti-feminist and only makes women madder.
Using the "c---" term pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided.
Do not use words that can be offensive to women especially body parts.
Using words of expression that are slang for women's body parts are extremely offensive and should not be used.
This talk and language is unnecessary and uncalled for.
These words are vulgar and should not be used to describe people. It is offensive.
Using this language is unnecessary in this context. Attacking people is not tolerated.
Whoa there, Please refrain from using racist or sexist comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
Please do not use those words when posting.
This kind of speech is unnecessary and not tolerated here.
Using these kinds of slurs only brings down the conversation for both of you.
There are several offensive generalizations here, all doled out in poor taste.
I have never seem the president's beach ball collection.
This is the result of the tone of the conversation when you are all using this kind of language.
The c-words in question are used to be inflammatory and shortcut frustration.
Lamb chops can be eaten but mutton chops go on a man's face.
This is targeted harassment and you shouldn't be supporting it.
That word is used in a target way to offend and denigrate people in the LGBTQ+ community, and should not extend to other uses.
Where I live thieves get given less jail time than the people who often unwittingly receive stolen property.
It's hard for me to believe that you are genuinely using Hitler as a model.
The r-word used here is outdated and is an easy shot at an insult.
Nobody should be wearing anything with that word.
again this fascination with the dutch language.
Pretty sure he means genius.
There is no place in this world for racism. I find it's just people who want to talk but have nothing much to say that use these awful words
What User 1 said, Dude.
There's zero reason to insult her for anything other than, what you believe are, her silly actions. The profanity is unnecessary.
There's so much sexist and racist language in your argument that I can't even follow what you're trying to say.
That is such a hateful word to use. Someone born that way probably deeply wishes they were seen as 'normal' to others. Shame on you!
It doesn't matter who Hitler and the Nazis liked
You sound like you're having a bad day, please come back when you remember how to be respectful to other humans.  Race isn't everything.
I'm so gobsmacked by the amount of hate one person can harbour. So i'll just let you think on that. There is only 1 race. The human race
What fantastic linguistic and argumentation skills you've demonstrated with your racist screed!
There many different groups of Christians, some are more orthodox than others.
Sometimes, when you take narcotics, you shouldn't go online. Just in case you inadvertently start a hate speech. Just putting that out there
If you want to really discuss the movie, we can do that, but not with anti-gay and anti-Christian name-calling.
My mother broke her shoulder blade in a bike race.
Using hateful speech doesn't add to your point
Please do not use derogatory racial and ethnic slurs.
There is a dollar tree where I live also.
Sand dollars are fascinating.
This hate speech is unnecessary to make your point
3 D printers can just make stuff up too.
This term doesn't help your argument
It doesn't make sense to make assumptions and taunt a person you haven't even met.
This type of language is not necessary
Using these terms spreads hate
It doesn't make sense to wish harm on people you haven't met just because of their lifestyle and political views.
Don't use this term
Language attacking the female gender is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
Calling women "tw--s" is hateful, humiliating and demeaning; it should be avoided here.
Using the "n word" is constitutive of hate speech; it is not permitted here.
Using the "n word" hatefully will result in your comment being deleted from Gab.
Race or national origin should not be used as an insult.  That’s hate speech and detracts from any other argument you are presenting.
Language attacking one's country or cultural background is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
Ethic hatred ("Paki Lower IQ Rapists") is an advertisement for ignorance, and is also hate speech, so must be eliminated here.
Please be respectful of Rep. Ellison. Maybe the police aren't investigating him because they don't have the evidence.
There is no need to speak with such hate filled racist vile speech, you should be ashamed of yourself for breathing.
Even though we have our differences, the Iranians, Americans, and Europeans as people are equally entitled to the same rights.
Use of the slur and hate here is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults Muslims.
Even if you don't like Don Lemon or Mr. Anderson, please be respectful and kind.
Wow, that comment was just completely out of line and uncalled for, no one is ever going to respect you with speech like that.
Please be kind to people, you never know what they're going through. Everyone deserves respect no matter what their background.
I feel sorry for you and you ignorat veiws about life, your mother needs to do a better job at rasing you.
No matter what your political position is, please be respectful to Republicans, Democrats, and the journalist who was killed.
These people are just trying to have a better life, there is no need to throw racial slurs around like that.
We don't use the R word anymore, we left that in the 90's
Just because somebody has a mental disability doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of.
Not sure the point your trying to make here.
Wow is all I can say.  You guys may be the worst people on the internet.
A person should be judged by their character rather than by their religion.
You all should be banned for you ignorance on history
Instead of that word, why don't you say "subpar lady"
It doesn't make sense to make fun of someone that you've never even met.
Think of all she did for our country when her husband was president.
Holy cow, take it easy big fella.  Why don't you use your grown up words ?
Just because you dont agree with what they say or believe doesnt mean you need to call them such.
Great point, but we left the R word in the 90's
No need for name calling
You are entitled to your opinion but understand such language is inappropriate.
I mean you really that low that you have to take a cheap shot at a baby.
ignore poster or report poster to forum administrator
Well im sure he deserved it but no need for the name calling.
Such language is inappropriate in a professional environment,
YOu shouldnt attack someone based on that, it might be yourself disguising secret feelings.
In The US we are entitled to freedom of religion.
The real problem was the christian invaders.
Its clear you do not understand or do not wish to understand User1, if you are not providing any useful info, please refrain from posting
I mean really, you all should be banned for your ignorance.
Making fun of a person's sexual preference and nationality is ignorant. You need to educate yourself.
Just because someone has a different religion or lifestyle doesn't mean they are less than you.
Removing the foul language will make it more pleasurable for others to read.
Your words are insensitive to race. You need to educate yourself.
Making fun of an entire race based on the actions of a few people, doesn't make any sense.
Using harsh language to put someone down speaks volumes about one's personality.
Using foul language doesn't help to make one's point any more valid.
Making fun of a person's nationality doesn't look good on you. Educate yourself.
Using that language doesn't help you make your point...
You should read up on the history of these harmful stereotypes in our country.
This seems like a strange way to appreciate the equal complexity of the African speaking tradition.
There is no point in using that language here
I wish that you wouldn't treat this as if it's something inherently insulting.
Every now and then, a black clock is really what you need. Oh, no, you didn't say clock at all. Well that makes it way more gross!
Using that language doesn't help you make your argument stronger
I hope that you can see that you are wishing harm on another human being.
These people in their relationships are doing nothing to harm you.
You're a special breed of human, yourself. A Self-Awarewolf. Not quite at the point of actualization, but so very close.
Neither of you is helping make your point with hate speech
I hope you can see that your own homophobia is causing you to react this way.
I really hope you meant that the B Train has been delayed and not the other thing you typed.
Please don't use racist language.
We encourage an open and safe environment for everyone to express themselves. Please do your part to help us maintain this standard.
It doesn't make sense to name call and judge people you've never met based on what the media says.
Your wording may be offensive to others in this forum. Please help us keep this a safe and open space for debate.
It doesn't make sense to hate someone just because they came from a certain place.
Please note that racism  is not acceptable.
Some of the language in your post is offensive to others. Please do your part to support free speech for everyone.
Every person is different. It is better to judge a person by their character, instead of their race.
Racism is not a acceptable. Please moderate your language.
Your post contains language that is hurtful to others. Please consider using language that is supportive of others.
Using foul language doesn't make one's point more valid.
The R word is highly offensive.  Spread the word to end the word! All ethnicities and social groups deserve tolerance.
Talking down on others using harsh language speaks volumes about one's character.
Just because someone is a different race doesn't mean they are less intelligent.
Removing the foul language will help others to be able to consider your point of view more.
Using a derogatory term against people is putting down those with actual mental disabilities.
Calling someone names based on their race speaks volumes about one's character.
If you want credibility don't use the word retard.
This discussion does not seem to require hateful slurs to stay on topic. I think there is a better direction you could go.
I can see and understand your patriotic anger, but that doesn't mean you need to use such horrible hateful language.
You have free speech to espouse your hate, but most people in the world will revile you and look down upon you. Just a fact.
The topic of free speech is always hard, but there's a limit in respecting fellow human, and I would urge you to consider it.
If saying such repugnant things makes you feel empowered I feel bad for you. I wish you more self-esteem to not be threatened by others.
Whoa there, xenophobic and racist slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
I don't even know where to begin with this comment, but I think you could be more clever AND hurtful without the slurs.
Just say Muslim. You might not agree with the religion but we should have a conversation without degrading nicknames.
I hope that you can see the consequences of treating vulnerable people in this way.
Using language like this is only causing you to interact with each other in a hateful way.
Please do not use derogatory homophobic language or derogatory terms for women.
You should not be proud of racist or homophobic biases.
Please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disability or homophobic slurs.
You shouldn't be willing to use people's identities as a cheap insult.
Please do not use homophobic slurs or derogatory language for women.
I hope that you can see what you are talking about is assault.
It doesn't make sense to judge and make fun of people that you barely know.
I think you should refrain in the future from using such loaded and or hate filled lang.
I think you should refrain in the future from using such loaded and or hate filled language.
Throwing hateful words at a person you've never even met isn't going to solve anything.
It is better to judge people on their character, rather than their lifestyle.
Do not use offensive language towards mental disorders
Do not use language that is racist in nature
We do not tolerate derogatory language of any kind
You using a religion as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
Let's dissect this argument while being respectful to those with mental disabilities so that you can argue your point more convincingly.
We don't need to use homophobic slurs to show our distaste. Let's think about what we really hate about what we're seeing.
Nice comeback, but I missed the point you were trying to make.
Try to band together using civility instead of harsh insensitive words. You want to be better than your opposition, not just as brash.
Is it necessary to not only put someone down but then also threaten violence, hope you made your point
Using attacks against those with a mental disability is a crutch which weakens your stance. You won't be heard speaking like this.
Hope you feel better calling out a group using a name saved for people with mental disorders
Let's be calm and coherent and avoid unnecessarily harsh language in favor of fair and in-depth conversations.
Using so much negative language does not make your message anymore interesting
There's no need for racial slurs to make your point.
The language used here is offensive towards other religious communities, as well as the disabled. You need to use better word choices.
You really sound like a bunch of children using such language. You should know that you can't believe every conspiracy you read online.
The term used here is vulgar, and can be offensive towards women. You need to refrain from using this term in order to prevent any harm.
Being PC is not the same thing as being disrespectful. You can disagree with people without insulting them.
No one will support your opinions when you use that kind of insult.
The term used here is derogatory, and exemplifies racism. This is never tolerated. You need to use a better choice of words to prevent harm.
That is sad to hear. We are all precious creation, regardless of race. And most people don't believe any race has a lower IQ than others.
Your hateful language makes it hard to understand what your point is.
The term used here is derogatory, and a racist remark. You need to refrain from using such hateful language in order to prevent any harm.
The way you speak about other races reflects poorly on your character.
If you want people to understand your point of view, you can't use racial slurs.
The term used here is derogatory towards women, and can be highly offensive. You need to refrain from using this term to prevent any harm.
Y'all putting down others because you feel that you have been wronged about the world. It is clear you all have a lot of misconceptions.
Please do not make racist remarks on this website.
Hateful language regarding race is unjust and primitive.
Please do not make antisemitic and homophobic remarks.
Hateful language regarding ethnicity and people with a disability is unwarranted and nonsensical.
Totally unnecessary to use hateful language regarding people with disability in post.
Hateful language regarding race is unwarranted in post.
I hope you can see how using this kind of hatred has made conversation impossible.
I give her credit for stepping away. Too many politicians stay around for years, way too long into their 80's even.
Just because someone is from a different country, doesn't mean they are less than you.
You are not contributing to this conversation in any way and are in fact derailing it.
To be honest we all need to stop this hate. We all breath and bleed the same. Let's work together and help each other.
It doesn't make sense to name call someone you've never meant based on what the media says.
You should consider not jumping into slurs so quickly when confronted by a woman.
Her father was a good President. If she doesn't take after her mother she'll be great.
You have escalated this far beyond what's necessary and nobody appreciates it.
I think a ban button is a great idea. It is similar to blocking on FaceBook except they can still see your post.
Using derogatory terms against someone isn't going to solve anything.
If you are considering people's mothers you should be less likely to use gendered slurs.
God made everything beautiful and perfect. Humans are the ones destroying everything.
It doesn't make any sense to hate an entire race based on the actions of a few people.
Please do not use ethnic slurs and derogatory language for women.
Just because someone is a different religion than you, doesn't mean they are a bad person.
Language attacking sexual orientation or religion is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
Language denigrating sexual orientation is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
Everyone is different. It is better to judge someone one their character, instead of their religion.
Language attacking sexual orientation or religious affiliation is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
Your language is derogatory and offensive. Try using a more neutral, universally accepted term when speaking with your fellow users!
Hey let's have an intelligent conversation here today. We are educated people with a voice let's keep this to positive and constructive talk
Please try and use more neutral words. Your word choice can be hurtful to others, and your point is stronger without these derogatory terms.
Let's not focus on who eats what. Let's talk what we eat, why we do it, and how it helps or hurts.
Considering the historical context of this word, please try to use a more neutral, universally accepted word instead. Thanks!
That's not true or right to say. Cut the racial slurs and talk about something interesting
Please refrain from using such derogatory terms, and instead opt for a more neutral word to make your point. Thanks!
We wouldn't have to mute or un-follow if you clean your act up and focus on some positive thinking and comments. Free clean speech brother!
If someone is telling you that they are hurt you should believe them.
Lots of gays adopt, so it's completely possible for the kid to be theirs. Like it or not the world's views are changing.
don't use that derogatory remark, very low blow.
I understand that you are trying to defend yourself but you don't need to be using this language either.
If we could all stop making others feel less then, the world would be a much happier place for every one.
Low blow, don't have anything else to say?
I think that you should educate yourself on the history of that word in our country.
Making fun of other peoples differences and handicaps is not cool. As human beings, we should try to be more accepting of every one.
Do go use that derogatory remark, even when it goes to the race not involved in it doesn't give it a free pass.
Please don't talk about actually hurting real women.
Hate filled terms should not be used because someone could make the same argument against us me. Love always wins.
Feminism exists, so as what you just said is a result of sexists acts.
Referring to the person in that way makes you seem inferior.
Whoa there, homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
That word has literally nothing to do with your point, whatsoever.
Your words are hateful on handicapped people. Educate yourself.
You must not know what that word means. If you did, you would not use it that way.
It's 2019, let's move on from such immature and unintelligent language.
I would like to tell you about the history of that word. Clearly you are unaware.
This is disgusting hate speech and absolutely unacceptable.
Watch the language. This is not appropriate and hateful.
It doesn't made sense to hate someone you've never met based on a stereotype and the media.
Watch the language. This is bordering on anti semitic and is disgusting.
Everyone is different. It is better to judge someone on their character rather than their religion.
This is absolutely disgusting and unacceptable language.
This language is homophobic and not acceptable here.
Please sweep out the abrasive comments by using words that are less hateful.
Please avoid language that demeans people because of their gender or sexuality.
Please exclude opinions that are debasing to others.
Please avoid using racist language and expressions that denigrate women.
Please discard the discussions that are attacking others, and use more caring words.
Please extract the thoughts that are dishonorable by being more amiable in your language.
Using that language doesn't help you make your points guys... it actually detracts from them
It's hard for me to understand why you would attack someone you identify as trying to do the right thing.
Using that language doesn't help you make your points people... it actually detracts from your arguments
Please don't bring hatred for women into an unrelated political gripe.
You were told specifically not to call for genocide, and you responded by calling for genocide.
If you don't want to go down the same path you should work on your anger issues.
Using harsh and foul language can harm your chances of having a good conversation with someone.
If you knew handicapped people I don't think that you would use language like this.
Being rude and using foul language makes it hard for others to take you seriously.
Your claim in itself is not unreasonable, but the slurs and the assumption that one is mentally disabled is unnecessary.
Calling people slurs and disregarding the seriousness of mental health is damaging to any progress we have made in society. Nor is it valid
Hating an entire group of people based on the actions of a few people doesn't make any sense.
Both users need to learn to express their opinions without the use of harmful slang. It conveys ignorance and hate.
It is unacceptable to use racial slurs to degrade another person, please refrain.
All users are disregarding the seriousness of mental illness, disability and the feminist movement. An argument can be made without this.
It is unacceptable to reference a disability as a way to degrade another, please refrain
Just because someone is a different religion doesn't mean they are less than you.
User 1 states his opinion respectfully, while user 2 resorts to slur tactics and reckless language that is unnecessarily harsh.
It is unacceptable to use religious slurs to degrade another, please refrain
The term you have used here is offensive towards the disabled community, and not appropriate. You need to use better word choice.
The terms you have used here are offensive towards the gay community, and should never be used. You need to be more careful with your words.
Calling someone names makes you less reliable as an informational source.
The term you have used here is offensive towards the disabled community, and can be very hurtful. You need to use better word choices.
Both sides have viewpoints that don't make sense.
The language used here is derogatory towards other races, and to women. You need to prevent harm by using different word choices.
Using harsh words does nothing but start pointless arguments.
Different people like different things and sharing traditions of different cultures is a good thing.
There's nothing I can really say to change your attitude here, but people might listen to you more if you're not being so mean.
Actually, the correct term is black people and such 'sterilization' has no real impact.
Carnivals sound fun and the only showers I hope God gives is from rain!
The R word and N word are highly offensive.  Spread the word to end the word!
Everyone has a strong opinion of what is right and wrong, and I understand you, but you'd get further not being so mean.
The terms you used are actually outdated. I'm a lover of everyone.
I can only just honestly hope that you learn to love yourself so that you don't bring other people down so hatefully.
Mother's should love their children regardless of color.
Hey, I'm not trying to tell you what to do, I'm just trying to help you make your message easier to swallow. You could cut back on slurs.
Sexuality is irrelevant in this story.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and/or disability in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
Using that word as an insult is very inappropriate towards disabled people.
The video speaks for itself, no racial slurs necessary.
There are other ways to express your displeasure than using such an offensive word.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender, which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
No need to use such an offensive anti-female slur.
When you use racial slurs you're acting hateful and ignorant.
The n-word is not acceptable. Please refrain from its use.
Profanity doesn't forward the conversation
Do not use the C word. It is unacceptable in any context.
Name calling doesn't do anything intelligent or helpful
The N word and R word are highly offensive.   All ethnicities and social groups deserve tolerance.
The n word is unacceptable. Do not use that term please.
Racial slurs don't belong in any intelligent conversation
The N word is unacceptable. please do not use that term.
Wow, there's so much wrong wrong with someone talking tough anonymously online, during the day, when your mom isn't home
Slurs against sexual orientation are not tolerated. Please refrain from using them.
Please refrain from using homophobic language
You don't need to use such hateful words, That word has a lot of power and you throw it around like it is nothing, think twice next time.
We will not tolerate racial slurs of any kind here
It makes you no better when you use racial slurs to describe someone, seriously it just makes you look like the idoit.
No one take someone seriously who uses that word, you need to find other things to say that a grown up would actually say.
You are spewing vile hatespeech all over the place, you need to grow up and stop using such ignorant speech.
It is okay to express one's emotion, but only in a way without using derogatory terminology.
no need to demean women with your statement
There's no relation between a sexual preference for blacks and antifa membership.
Language of that nature will only further the divide and allow others to utilize that same language.
the term nigger is insulting and should not be used in conversation
Please try to use African American in replace of "nigger". It sends the same message without being offensive.
The term nigger is insulting and should not be used in conversation
Black people are still human beings.
It's none of your business what he and his wife do behind closed doors.
While you are entitled to your opinion, the term nigger is hate speech
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or ethnicity, and/or sex in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
Venomous spite, here directed at the disabled and women, mark this noxious display of hatred as subject to immediate excision.
Hate speech toward women ("bi--h") and gay people ("fa--ot") here are sufficiently virulent to warrant a ban.
Your post uses speech denigrating ethnicity in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race/ethnicity and/or sex and gender in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
The ethnicity-bashing and misogynistic hate exhibited here are not allowed in this forum.
Nothing about this is fair or just to any demographic of person. Please try to be civil to everyone you meet.
The terms used here are very offensive, and are not tolerated. They are derogatory and have a serious effect on others.
Please leave racial slurs outside of civil conversation.
Using racial slurs to describe someone shows others your true character.
The term you have used here is unacceptable, as it is derogatory and a form of racism. You need to practice using non-hateful language.
Racial slurs have absolutely no place in this conversation
The language used here is incredibly offensive to other ethnicities and the disabled community. You need to use less hurtful language.
We need to refrain from using racial slurs in our arguments.
Using racial slurs to describe someone speaks volumes about one's character.
The term you have used is very derogatory, and exemplifies racism. This is not tolerated in any context. You need to use better word choice.
Most people correlate retard with the mentally challenged which is bad, so could trying a better word that's more polite.
The correct terms are women and African Americans, they deserve respect like you would want it so be respectful when typing.
That sexual term and hateful term are terrible to use, it's much nicer and easier just to refer to them by username.
Even though it sounds like the person did something bad, try not to use hateful words that tear apart a community of people.
It's not that bad of a word but try and be respectful when referring to another person no matter what they did.
I am not sure what I just read but you need to watch your language, attacking females is just plain disrespectful to your momma.
There is no need to throw your hateful banter into the conversation, adults were speaking and you interrupted.
You need to grow up with a mouth like that, your mother needs to wash your mouth out with soap.
derogatory and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thanks
No one respects a name caller, especially a hateful name caller.
I would ask the same about you with a vile mouth like that, your mother needs to slap you for that kind of language.
Trolls come in all forms. Using derogatory terms regarding sexual orientation invalidates any argument you're trying to make.
It's not a valid insult simply to call someone gay.
Everyone is different. It is better to judge each person by their character rather than a religious stereotype.
Attacking someone for their ethnicity doesn't bring anything to the table. If you're a fan, critique him for his fighting flaws, not race.
It can't be very enjoyable to base your sports viewership on your racism.
You should get to know someone before you judge them simply on their lifestyle.
Terrorism is a serious issue and using derogatory sexual terms only takes away from the real issue at hand.
I hope you can see that you are reacting this way to someone saying they are not fascist.
Just because someone is a different race or orientation than you doesn't mean they are less than you.
Preservation of art can be argued without name calling. These characters have a rich history, let the studios know how you feel tactfully.
I can see that you are scared that things are changing, but you are not reacting in a very good way.
Race has nothing to do with average wages or communities. Capitialism is a wonderful system and it's one that is colorblind.
I think that you should look into the history of colonialism in those countries.
Using such hateful terms for people who disagree with you is not going to help.
It's startling that you have made this such a casual part of your language.
I'm not sure why you think that calling someone gay is inherently an insult.
If you are stuck on retrograde concepts like this you are never going to progress.
I wish that you were not trying so hard to dehumanize other people around you.
It doesn't make since to judge someone you've never meant based on stereotypes.
Fighting perceived racism with more racism isn't going to solve anything.
Using mental disability as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
I think it's fair to say that we don't agree on both sides of the isle, however, threatening each other is not going to solve anything.
I don't believe you can make such a generalized statement, there are people of every faith serving in the military
This label is a word filled with hate. You should adjust your way of thinking and if you don't have anything else to say, keep it quiet.
You are not addressing the point, and I am not sure who you are name calling, It doesnt apply to the school or the student
If someone is a racist using this kind of language is reverting to their level. Find a more intelligent way to call them out.
This entire statement is an oxymoron, I'm not sure any one person fits this description
The language you use solves nothing. Try not to say anything at all if you are going to use such hateful words.
I hope that you can see how this conspiracy thought is having an effect on your life.
Whoa there, homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.Thanks
I don't think that you should feel so comfortable using these slurs so casually.
People who likes the same sex are still people and they don't deserve to be made fun of.
I hope you can see how you are treating even those who are identifying with you.
Please don't use words like this to categorize whole groups of people.
Just because someone is a Muslim doesn't mean they are a bad person.
I hope that you can remember where anti-semitism has led even in this century.
Hey, xenophobic and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
There is no reason for that comment
Casually using that world is a form of making fun of women.
Just because someone is a different race than you doesn't mean they are automatically a thief.
Sexual orientation or gender id is not something to insult someone over.
Just because someone has a different gender identity than you doesn't mean they deserve to be ridiculed.
Using such words is unnecessary and inappropriate. Please refrain.
You shouldn't try to equate disabled people with stupidity.
Such language marginalizes the mentally disabled. Be more considerate in your choice of words.
This kind of language and speak is offensive and inappropriate. Please refrain.
All of your homophobia is fear-based and people can see that it is.
Homosexual is enough to say, there's no point in using redundant slurs, unless you're actively looking to incite reaction from others
It is uncalled for to use such words to describe people. Please refrain.
I don't think you understand how harmful it is to women to use these terms.
There's more appropriate language you can use that doesn't marginalize women and the mentally retarded.
Please do not use such language, it is offensive.
I don't understand what you're saying but I can see that you are using language that I don't like.
Using these words is uncalled for and inappropriate. Please refrain in the future.
I hope that you can see that what you are advocating for is treasonous and wrong.
Casual slurs should not be used in civil discourse - your wording reflects on you as a person
please refrain from making racist remarks thanks
For all I know, you may have a valid point. However, all I'm seeing is your foul language which just makes you look ignorant. Sorry.
Please do not making insulting remarks towards people thank you
A lot of people think that if you use profanity in your writing, it's because you lack a "proper" and varied vocabulary. Just saying.
I think that you should expose yourself to a more diverse group of people.
Please don't make racist remarks towards people thank you
Spelling is key. Mooslim. I'm assuming this is a slim cow, so now i'm frantically googling what a poor skinny cow has to do with anything!
I wish that you wouldn't go so far out of your way to discredit a victim.
Please do not make racist remarks it's not nice thank you
You come across so intelligent. Then you use all these profanities. What a waste of a mind.
I think that you should do some more complex research on the history of Detroit.
It's hurtful for you to use a word like this when it means nothing to you.
Someone is trying to communicate with you about your hate and I think that you should listen to them.
Just because someone is a different race or religion doesn't mean they are less than you.
I don't think that you should be willing to react this way to someone else's pain.
Please don't look for stories to confirm your biases about different races.
You can retort these people on their ideas alone without using language like that.
Please me more respectful with your language.
It might be funny to you but that is hurtful to someone else.
Please do not use such offensive terms. Speaking like that denigrates any political position you support and mobilizes people against you.
The candidates you are trying to support are probably hurt by your rhetoric.
That is extremely offensive, and makes you seem incapable of expression yourself and your opinion without vulgar language.
If there wasn't a need for other words they would not exist.
We insist that you voice your opinions without resorting to hate speech. Please review our user policies. First and final warning. Ty
The violent hatred and slurs use here is flat out unacceptable in any decent conversation.
Out of respect for our fellow female Redditors we ask you to review our user policies and refrain from such terms in the future. 1st warning
Your account has been suspended. Please review our user policies. You can email a moderator to appeal this action.
This thread has been closed. If your account has been suspended you can appeal this action by emailing a Moderator. Thank you.
Anyone who is a citizen and meets criteria has the right to represent the USA.
Please be advised that the "n word" offends many and so does not belong on this site.
It has not been proven that anything he has done has been detrimental to the white culture.
Using that language doesn't help you make your points... it actually detracts from them
The racist spewing of hate and using the "n word" are not permitted here.
It's amazing how someone can be hated for not hating someone else.
Yup, no need to use that language here
Racist and misogynistic speech, using the "n word and employing "bi--h" pejoratively all are forbidden here.
Meaningless.
There is literally no point in making that comment
With all the name calling, I missed the message.
You can make your point without the derogatory language
Misogynistic ("c--t") and homophobic ("fa--ot") hate speech and not allowed on Gab.
Each person is different. It is better to judge someone on their character, instead of religion or race.
Hey there, Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings, Thanks
Just because somebody likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you.
Oh, jeez, bud. I don't know what's going on with the language here. You could be so much better than this. I believe in you.
That is offensive and very general, please explain who has upset you.
Not the greatest word to act like you're better than another person. I think you can do better. :)
there must be a better way to describe someone.
It's easy to forget to be good to people when you get the chance to use hate speech without repercussion on the internet. Please try again.
Disability and sexual orientation are not something anyone should make fun of or demean.
to each their own, but it's probably time for a break in this conversation.
I am very hopeful you will come to understand the negative parts of your language. It's easier to talk about this stuff when you're nice.
Religion should not be a category that is attacked or demeaned. Focus on the objectionable behavior, not who they are.
Generalising doesn't help the conversation, nor does sexism.you are going off topic.
I can't believe that you all are getting so mad over Slipknot. You could try some nicer language over a silly band.
Religion and sexual orientation should not be a category that is attacked or demeaned.
this is an extreme reaction to someones choice of music, you could simply have said no.
I suggest you do more research on what a drag queen is if this offense you.
Using a derogatory term against the people you disagree with is making fun of the people that have mental disabilities.
Islamophobia will not be tolerated here, please don't post this.
Perhaps she is smiling because she doesn't have as much hate in her soul like you do. Just something to think about.
This post could be considered offensive to people with mental disabilities.
Just because someone is not a smart as you doesn't mean they are less than you.
Please don't make racist remarks here.
Someone has the right to love who they love but nobody has the right to use the n-word in the racist way that you are.
Please do not post islamophobic and sexist remarks on this website.
Quit with the hate speech. Hate speech is not free speech.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean name calling them is going to solve anything.
I don't appreciate your use of the r-word
You can express your agreement with aspects of religion without using that word.
Wow, that is racist against blacks and anti-semitic, please stop.
Race or religion should never be used as an insult.  That’s hate speech and detracts from any other argument you are presenting.
That word is a hateful racial slur and you don't need to use it to justify your hatred of any group.
Please don't use the r-word, it just makes you look stupid
Disability and religion is not something anyone should make fun of or demean.
You don't need to use that word just to use express disagreement with a group.
Wow, you can't get more racist than those statements
Just because you don't agree with a policy doesn't make it ok to use that slur.
This is all way too much, the hateful rhetoric and death threats need to stop please
There is a difference between making a mature argument and having to stoop to racial slurs.
That word says a lot about your own poor character.
Making fun of a person's nationality and religion doesn't look good on you. Educate yourself.
Disabilities are not good insults.
Your remarks are very insensitive to handicapped people. Educate yourself.
This is disgusting. Watch the xenophobic prejudicial language please.
Hating an entire religion based on the actions of a few people, doesn't make any sense.
This language is no longer acceptable in 2019. You need to stop.
Name calling shows a lack of compassion for others.
This conversation is absurd, but you need to check your language. Please settle down.
There are more appropriate words that should be used to describe someone besides using foul language.
Not sure what's going on here, but this kind of hateful language is no longer appropriate. You need to settle down.
All of the disgusting and foul language used shows a lack of a good vocabulary.
Ten Commandments say to love your neighbor and the Bible says not to turn away others.  Everyone is beautiful and equal in the Lord's eyes.
Christians usually do not use foul language removing it would help others to see you as a christian.
I'm sure everyone would like a vacation and a lot of different people have alarm clocks.
Everyone likes freedom over their own body.
Removing the foul language will help people to consider your point of view more.
There are heroes who make different types of sacrifices and sometimes we don't notice the hero next door.
Using foul language can make others think that you don't have a good vocabulary.
Different politicians have different viewpoints, please research individuals to make sure they match your viewpoints.
Wow, great comment. I bet they dance better than you.
Please refrain from using that type of language here.
Stop being a closed minded fool and come up with your own beliefs.
Please be polite to others during debate.
Aww did someone not ever get picked to play basketball.
Please refrain from using racial slurs.
Great comeback.
Please refrain from using foul language. You can disagree but please don't use that work or words like it & keep it clean.
Im sure your mother would agree.
Please use better words to describe your disagreement. Please use constructive criticism.
Let's make actual comments instead of a one word attack without context insinuating one group is lesser than you.
Do not use racial slurs of any kind in your comments
We shouldn't be threatening people for having views different than our own.
Do not make comments that are racist in nature
I'm not sure that the information you are spreading is accurate.
I think you could let your feeling be known in a less crude way instead of name calling and derogatory slang.
Please do not make comments that are homophobic
There is nothing wrong with being gay, that term shouldn't be used to slander someone.
That type of language is not appropriate. Please avoid using racist terms
Please avoid the attacks on those with disabilities and use more caring words.
Please avoid use of racist and homophobic language.
Hey there, Racist and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thx
Please leave out the distasteful remarks and comment with kindness.
Please avoid using racist language on the forum.
Please remove the comments that are abusive, and express your viewpoints in more appropriate ways.
That type of racist speech is inappropriate. Please moderate your language.
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported
Take out the hateful statements, and use words that are not prejudice.
Eliminate the terrible language toward others, and display your concerns in a more positive way.
Hate speech based on one's sexual orientation or gender identity is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
wondering what has caused both your hatred, actually any reason... i think not. pipe down and leave your keyboards/phones alone
Hate speech based on one's disability is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
actually quite interesting till you continued on. perhaps best to leave it there
Hate speech based on one's sexual orientation is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
perhaps the really issue is that not everyone wants an argument. more of a general chatter me. lets leave it there
Hate speech based on one's race is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
wow chill out, enough with the n word. lets cool it and do something else
The C word and language attacking a gender is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
Why would you speak about this person in that way? What exactly is causing the problem and how can we help?
The violent hatred here is flat out unacceptable in any decent conversation.
How have they caused these problems? have any personally experience with this?
Why have these people ever done to you? Please enlighten me with some of your experiences.
Did it ever occur that these people might just need help? People like this could even turn out to be your best friend if given a chance.
150 + years since slavery ended & there are still people with such self loathing to put them down to make themselves feel better. Its so sad
There is no reason to bring racist slurs into a conversation about car maintenance.
Next week. Surely you can wait until them to ask him out.
This is a disturbing question that implies a lot of illegal things.
You IP has been traced and I am willing to press charges for attempted murder.
Threats of violence are no way to try to conduct a conversation.
There needs to be more sensitivity regarding language when talking about the LGBT community. The violence doesn't need to be escalated.
Surely you 2 are not so ignorant to stoop to name calling to make yourselves look superior. Thats a sad tactic to have to resort to.
It's sad to see that you have deprived yourself of something that you could be enjoying.
Oh great! Since gay marriage is legal now. When are you and Jack getting hitched?
I wish that you would not use gay people as your go-to insult.
People would take you more seriously if you didn't speak about people with such disgusting disrespect.
Using such a foul word to describe a woman shows a serious lack of respect.
You can make your statment without throwing vile hate speech into it. People would respect what you say more if you didn't say those things.
Name calling takes so much away from the topic at hand.
Making fun of sexual orientation and gender preference has no place in this conversation. You need to educate yourself on today's society.
You need to remove the re word from your vocabulary, it just makes you sound ignorant and there are so many other things you could say.
This may be a low life person but you don't need to match their low lifeness by matching them in hate speech.
That term is not acceptable
Immigrants are just people and there is no plan to threaten your life.
Those terms are not okay to use
I think you should take from this how unacceptable it is in society to behave this way.
I am tired of people using these terms
I hope that you can see how angry you got over something that was not true.
That term is not okay to use
Neither of these things are anything to do with you or your life.
This term is not okay to use
You should not use stories like this to support your hatred of other people.
It's Twitter and Facebook so let's be a bit more adult with our adjectives no matter how you feel about them, please.
Educate yourself and you will realize your words are offensive User 1.
As a woman I'm not a fan of that word.. there are so many other insults that aren't anatomy.
The female body has nothing to do with this conversation
That is quite inappropriate to say the least, not to mention racist and homophobic.
Educate yourself and you will see how hateful your words really are.
If we can leave religion and women's anatomy out of your senseless, run-on sentence that'd be great.
Attacking women with that type of language is offensive and should be changed. Educate yourself.
Not understanding your use of women's anatomy as an insult.. it's tougher than you'll ever be.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation, which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race, which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
This is disgusting, racist hate speech and this is unacceptable.
Your language and ideals are obviously racist and ignorant.
Your response is absolutely atrocious. This post is inexcusable. Please exit now.
Watch the language. This is inappropriate.
You can get your point across without calling a woman cunt
Your post may have been taken seriously if your language wasn't so offensive.
Watch the language. Homophobia like this is not necessary.
Your method of expression is ignorant
Please keep your vulgar and hate filled comments to yourself.
This is absolutely disgusting racist hatespeech. This is not acceptable.
Your speech is racist and wrong
Your post doesn't even make sense. Please refrain from completely senseless and hate ridden posts.
This conversation is ridiculous, racist, anti-semitic and horrible. This is completely unacceptable.
That is racist and insulting.
Please do not use racist comments as a part of your post. That is entirely unnecessary.
I hope you realize that you are actually advocating genocide.
Every person is different. It is better judge someone based on their character, instead of their religion or race.
The bible taught us to be tolerant of others religions.
It would be nice to know where you think you are getting your information.
Using hate speech and capital letters is not an effective way to make your point.
I don't understand why you would make something so beautiful into a symbol of hate.
There are all kinds of people with the traits you describe.
I wish you would not make this word such a casual part of your vocabulary.
Who somone chooses to love does not make them less than anyone else, you are a vile human being for being so ignorant about all of this.
The term you have used here is racist and derogatory. You can cause serious harm to others.You need to be more careful with your words.
The use of that horrible words carry years of terror behind it, please use the correct words, African American.
The term you have used here is derogatory, and offensive towards the gay community. You need to be more careful with your choice of words.
Even though you are referring to yourself, that word is very hateful and you should be more supporting of yourself.
I realize you don't like this woman but you don't need to use racial slurs and attack other people in the process.
The term you have used here exemplifies racism, and this is not tolerated here. You need to use a different choice of words to prevent harm.
Even though you may feel a certain way about African Americans, try and use a different term that isn't hateful to a whole race.
Attacking him for his color just makes you a dog like him, you need to learn how to attack someone without throwing in racial attacks
The term you have used here hurts others, and exemplifies racism. You need to be more careful with your choice of words to prevent harm.
You have a incredibly horrid mind, if there is any decency in you, try and use more politically correct words instead of derogatory ones.
You don't need to use hate speech in your anger against brexit, you will be taken more serioulsy if you speak like an adult.
The term you have used here is offensive towards the disabled community, and highly inappropriate. You need to be more careful.
Retarded isn't a word you should use, its hurtful due to it normally referring to the mentally challenge, which is hurtful to some.
Using this term is offensive and not acceptable
This is an offensive term and not a way to get your point across
This is an extermely offensive term and should not be used
I wish that you would not make this such a casual part of your vocabulary.
The term used here is derogatory and is offensive towards women, and shouldn't be used in any context. Please use a better word choice.
If you are trying to do the right thing, you should not be using inflammatory language like this.
The language you have used here is offensive towards the disabled community, and can cause harm to others. Please use better word choice.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability and religious affiliation in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
You should examine your sources and whether you are seeking them out to confirm your bias.
The term used here is derogatory and racist, and there is no place for racism here! Please refrain from using this hurtful term.
I don't think that speaking about women this way is going to make you feel better.
The term you have used is derogatory towards women, and should not be used in any context. You can prevent harm by not using this term.
I hope that you can examine your reactions and try to become a better person.
The language used here is derogatory, and can offend the disabled community. You can prevent any harm by refraining from using this term.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation, sex/gender and disability in violation of Com. Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
Every person is different. It is better to judge someone based on their character, instead of their religion.
It doesn't make sense to judge a person that you haven't even met.
Howard Stern is pretty controversial.
Please do not make insulting comments thanks
Those are last names that it would be easy to guess the origin of- lemon farmers and tinkerers.
please do not make insulting remarks thanks
I did not know Pay Pal had that power that is interesting and possibly  useful.
There is no benefit in making hateful comments like that
Please do not make insulting remarks thank you
Calling them offensive and racist names won't help solve the problem. I imagine that actually just adds to the hostility and violence.
Please do not use derogatory ethnic and racial slurs.
I don't understand your descriptions, so I'm having a difficult time getting your point.
There's no reason to believe that one race of people is evil. Individuals may be bad, but that doesn't make a whole race bad.
Please do not use language that is homophobic, racist, anti-Semitic or derogatory for intellectual disabilities.
xenophobic and racist slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. thank you
You're point would be more convincing if you didn't use derogatory words for females to describe strangers.
I guess we know where user 2 stands on this topic. I suggest using a complete thought when trying to get your point across.
All of the foul language and name calling used does nothing to make any valid point.
I think that you're just yelling racist slurs at each other, I can't see how this is fulfilling.
This seems like an enormous waste of time for both of you and beneath you.
I wish that you would not make such a hateful slur a part of your everyday vocabulary.
If you don't want violence you shouldn't engage in violent rhetoric.
Removing the foul language and name calling will make it easier for others to read your opinion.
Mocking people in this way is not going to help you to connect with them.
Nationality is not an indication of intelligence.
You do not have to use derogatory words to describe people.
The N word and language attacking racial background is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
Elton John is a great musician, it doesn't matter what his sexual preference is.
If you could barely afford basic necessities, you would do anything you could to get ahead.
The N word and derogatory language referring to race is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
Offensive terms are not going to help your argument
I think it's really important to respect the ideologies of ALL parties in America!
There is no reason to use that offensive term
Your word choice is offensive and quite troubling. Could you please think of a different way to express your anger?
Your post uses speech that denigrates ethnicity in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
This term may hurt somone who has been called that before
There is no reason to use these offensive terms to try and help your argument because it does not
The LGBTQ community is continuously threatened and your words are not helping. I kindly suggest that you choose a different way to express.
This term could offend some people
Sexism is an incredibly serious thing. I encourage you to kindly support all women! Please rephrase your words.
You are openly on the side of hatred and I don't see how that's morally acceptable.
There is nothing wrong with being a papist, in this country we are given freedom of Religion and should practice tolerance.
You don't seem to be making a point at all, just voicing hatred.
Even if you disagree with someone, there is no reason to take the extreme position of trying to "exterminate" them.
Please eradicate the despicable language from your comments.
Your insensitive comments of handicapped people are unneeded. Educate yourself.
Please think about how others feel before posting your comments.
Please consider how others are affected by your negative talk, and cease the crude remarks.
Being racist doesn't make you sound smart. Educate yourself.
Please excavate all the negative remarks from your speech and be gentler in expressing yourself.
Your fowl words on many avenues make you sound uneducated and do not fit in today's society.
Remove the dishonorable statements toward others please.
Making fun of handicapped people, User 1, have no place in society.
All people, immigrants or not, are still people. I encourage you to clean up your language, and look up the benefits of a diverse community!
Sexual assault is no joke. While I am respectful of your opinion, Ford was extremely brave to do what she did.
It doesn't make sense to judge someone you've never met based on the media.
Hi, I encourage you to choose a different word to express your feelings. The LGBTQ community is threatened enough as it is today.
Hello! Maybe you should use a different word choice to express your feelings. Some may find that word incredibly disturbing.
Making fun of a woman has no place in society.
Name calling a person you'v never met doesn't solve anything.
While everyone's opinion should be valued, your word choice shouldn't be, as the African American community has a history of oppression.
It doesn't make sense to use racism to say that others people are racist.
This term is not acceptable to use
Everyone is different. It is better to judge someone based on their character, rather than their race.
This word is not acceptable to use
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
That word is not okay to use
It doesn't make sense to make assumptions about people you've never met just because of their beliefs and country of origin.
Just because someone is a different race or sexual orientation than you doesn't mean they are less than you. They're people too.
Using that word to insult others is insulting to all woman.
What is the point in calling people that, just make an argument and support it with evidence
No point using hate speech to make your point
No point using hateful insults, doesn't help your argument
Just because someone expresses an opinion doesn't mean they hate their own race.
A lynching reference about a black president is reprehensible.
Your comments are delusional, paranoid, and racist. "50 megaton Nuke"-please.
That label doesn't even make sense other than as an attempt to say as many offensive things as possible in one label.
It doesn't make sense to make fun of a person that you've never met based on what the media says.
Charming use of disgusting sexist language
You could learn something from those who are compassionate enough to help other people.
This thread has been closed. If your account has been suspended you can email a Moderator to appeal this action.
Hey there, xenophobic and racist slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thanks
Please don't use words like that to equate stupid people.
Please refrain from alienating your fellow Redditors with physical and or mental disabilities when expressing your opinion. 1st warning, ty
You shouldn't be reacting like this to someone who is telling you that they are hurt.
We insist that you review our user policies and code of conduct. This is a final warning to you both. Thank you for your cooperation.
Please review our user polices and code of conduct. We ask that you respect your fellow female Redditors. 1st warning. Thank you.
These are very extreme views and you should take a step back and look at them.
Your account has been suspended. You can email a Moderator to appeal this action. In the meantime please review our user policies.
The words nigger and faggot are racial and sexual orientation slurs, and are not appropriate here.
perhaps they dont, best just not to reply
and you think that is ok to right, i hope your mum isnt reading this. leave it out next time
It is not permitted here to call someone a nigger.
oh all till the use of the n word just un called for.
all of you chill out and leave it out. enough hatred in the world with you lot adding to it. lets leave it at that
your sentiment may be right but no need for that c word and moron for that matter
Apparently Kanye wants some privacy from people that post comments like  previous comment.
Racism and sexist language is not appropriate to post here.
Instead of name calling and insulting each other. We need to focus on the content of the opinion being shared and what supports this opinion
Please do not make homophobic remarks on here.
Please explain what exactly Josh and John have done to offend you.
Homophobia has no place on this website.
I know your upset based on what has happened. Please contact your represenative to communicate how you would like Mr Trump to proceed.
This post could be considered offensive to those with mental disabilities and Jewish people.
Our government makes the laws, and there is all types of people in Congress. Please communicate your what laws are upsetting you with them.
Shills is tough enough language, thanks! Also, please refrain from using expletives.
Please get rid of the horrible comments that degrade others.
I cannot tell whether or not you are criticizing business practices, but the use of explicit terms and derogatory slang is unnecessary.
Creative, but use a better adjective about the fish, please!
Please take out the objectionable comments and be more merciful with your words.
There is no need to use disrespectful terms regarding the mentally-disabled, nor should we be make useless analogies about political beliefs
Please use another adjective to describe the people in your ranks, thanks!
Use words that are not debasing but encouraging to others please.
You can criticize others in your working group without resorting to slang that disrespects the mentally disabled.
Please refrain from using excessive violent threats, excessive expletives, and language others may find racist.
Get rid of the defiling words and use language that is more objective.
This comment is non-constructive because it makes no sense and is insulting.
Please refrain from generalizing about a whole group based on the actions of a few, thanks!
Withdraw the deplorable words and be kind to others please while expressing your opinions.
Trust should not be determined by religious affiliation, nor should hiring decisions.
You should look into the statistics of criminality in this country.
Racism and the use of the "n word" are banned from this forum because they are hate speech.
If you had ever been incarcerated you would know that life behind bars is far from "easy".
This is a disturbing level of conspiracy to direct toward your representative.
Calling women "c--t(s)" is hateful, humiliating and demeaning; it should be avoided here.
It's quite clear that you are unable to grasp the fact that if you do not name the person you're talking about, none of us can talk about it
Perhaps they are supporting these people because they feel compassion for them.
You must be referring to a march about brexit...Please clarify.
I can't believe that this is your reaction to being asked whether or not you are a Nazi.
Neo-nazi antisemitism, disabled-bashing and homophobia are a toxic stew of hatred and so are banned here.
This pol that you speak of is useless and in bad taste. simply mentioning them is horrific. Please mute this fellow.
I don't think you understand the effects of the actual war that you are asking for.
I think it much more likely when they have enough evidence they will impeach Trump. It won't be good for the economy.
Eradicate the offensive talk from your opinions please.
The words you use are distasteful so please utilize more sympathetic ones.
Please express your sentiments in a less harmful way to others.
Please give your impressions without the use of hate language.
It doesn't make sense to wish harm on someone that you've never even  met based on what the media says.
It's okay to dislike someone but using violent and sexist language ins't productive. What if someone said this about someone you loved?
Using such foul language to describe a woman shows one's true character.
I don't think you intended this as you are voicing concern about prejudice but you used some very damaging ableist language.
Calling someone gay is not so much of an insult these days. Maybe you could come up with something more creative.
Using foul language and name calling only starts pointless arguments.
A person should be judged by their character, not by their lifestyle or religion.
Using words like that shows that you are mad, but doesn't change opinions. If you want to change peoples minds try speaking thoughtfully
Name calling doesn't make any valid points towards the topic being discussed.
There are many gay men who are strong so that insult doesn't work well. Maybe you could think of another way to get your point across.
If there is such a place, I hope you hold some evidence to making these claims.
You obviously fancy yourself of superior intelligence.  you should be smart enough to not use the R word.
I think it will be the regular site gab.com and not the other.
These terms are not going to help you win an argument
Why waste all this free speech by being vulgar and arguing silly points
I think it's over the top racist too, but just ignore it and move on. You can still find good info on there.
OK lads, we all can do better!  Let's start now!
I don't think we can boil it all down to one religion. I am sure all religions work within those companies.
These terms are not going to help people hear you
Everyone knows there is good and bad in all races.  Get it together everyone and stop embarrassing yourselves
I don't think you can have it both ways. My loyalty is to humanity as a whole, not any specific race.
Good grief, let's all admit that people are people and the sooner you can admit that to yourselves the better off you will be.
It would be really nice if you didn't use the re word, it has a lot of meaning and you are just throwing it around like nothing.
This is an offensive concept and includes a lot of offensive ideas
Your hateful racist comments are vile and you need your mouth washed out with soap.
This is an offensive term and it should not be used
This is not a way to calmly discuss your opinions
Making fun of a group of people and calling them a "nazi central" is hateful and doesn't make you sound educated.
There is no reason to speak that way, using hate speech is really low class and you will not get any respect from people speaking that way.
This uses an offensive term and it does not strengthen the argument any
Being insensitive to women is offensive and makes you sound uneducated.
Using racial hate speech doesn't make you respected or even liked, it just makes you ignorant, good for you.
This uses an offensive term that is not acceptable
Being racist doesn't make you sound smart and has no place in society. Educate yourself.
That type of racist speech is intolerable. Please do not use such expressions.
It is not appropriate to use racist language or express hatred for people of other races. Please moderate your language.
Please do not use derogatory language for women or anti-Semitic slurs.
Please refrain from antisemitic or sexist comments.
Please do not use homophobic language here. It is not acceptable.
Whoa, Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
Please do not use derogatory racial, religious, and homophobic slurs.
This is hate speech. Please avoid using terms that denigrate people on the basis of their gender, religion or racial background.
It is inappropriate to use intellectual disability as an insult.
I hope you realize that this is one step from eugenics.
Using this language to refer to African-american people is racist and is not acceptable to use in any setting.
For people that claim to have respect for the Constitution, this is a pretty dramatic point of view.
This is very disrespectful language, and mocking people for their religious beliefs, race, or for having a disability is unacceptable.
You are actually referencing war crimes in a casual conversation.
Race religion and disability should not be used as an insult.  That’s hate speech and detracts from any other argument you are presenting.
Mocking people of a certain religious background, ethnicity, or ability is unacceptable.
I hope you recognize that what you are advocating is sexual assault.
Mocking people by saying that they are intellectually disabled is inappropriate.
If you met disabled people I don't think that you would speak of them this way.
Using a derogatory term against people is mocking the people with actual mental disabilities.
Racism and "the n word" are hate speech, which is banned here.
Racial slurs will not be tolerated in the comments
Offensive language is not tolerated here
I don't think that is a great word to describe them. Simply "conspiracy theorist" will probably work.
Just because you disagree with something doesn't mean you should make fun of people with mental disabilities.
I suggest maybe visiting the FBI's crime stats. I've never known any woman who wanted to be a victim.
Just because someone has a learning disability doesn't mean they are less than you.
It's quite possible that @user feels victimized because of the derogatory language being used.
I think you could get your ideas across much better if you didn't focus all your energy on coming across as "non-PC" as possible.
Please do not use derogatory racial and religious slurs.
Whoa, racist and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thanks
Please do not use derogatory language for women and ethnic slurs.
Just because someone is a different gender or race doesn't mean they are less than you.
a better use of language would make you sound smarter, you do not have to tear someone down to build yourself up
everything you said is wrong in every way, that word is unacceptable
That type of racist speech is unacceptable. Please moderate your language.
it is never acceptable to call anyone names at any time you need to meet someone and judge them on how they act
Please do not use language that denigrates others on the basis of their religion.
there is no need to resort to name calling ever, calling people names never solves anything, have a conversation if you disagree
Sexist and homophobic expressions like that have no place here. Please express yourself more respectfully.
two wrongs do not make a right no matter what someone has done you can not use language like that
Please stop using racist and sexist language, or expressions that denigrate people for their religion.
The R word is offensive.  Spread the word to end the word! All social groups deserve tolerance.
Hateful language regarding women is unnecessary to express opinion.
Hateful language regarding people with disability is unwarranted to express opinion.
Hateful language regarding people with a disability is unwarranted and unintelligent.
Hateful language regarding race is unnecessary and unintelligent.
Hateful language regarding people with a disability is unwarranted to express opinion.
Hey there, xenophobic and derogatory slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
violence is no answer for any situation can't we all just get along, there is happiness and peace for all of us, that will make you feel wel
Ebony and ivory piano keys look at these and say cheese
everyone was created different for a bigger reason, what would appear one way is not always what it seems to be.
I think it's easier to say 'stupid creatures of habit', and you're more likely to be taken seriously.
we are all made in Gods image
Quasimodo lived in a bell tower, he was deaf.
Whoa, you can slow down with that language, my friend. Plenty of ways to insult people without being gross.
that is a bold statement research could help this person
I just don't understand why we're still using those hateful words when talking about stuff. Please explain, to me it's just silly.
Using slurs like this is going to bring you down as a person as well.
Racial slurs are not tolerated here
Racial slurs do nothing to prove your point.
You should not be so suspicious of people who are educators.
Disliking one woman is no reason to use language that offends all women.
I wish that you would show more compassion for people who have been hurt.
Making fun of disabled people is not funny at all.
You don't need this awful word to describe someone who you don't like.
Offensive language of any kind will not be tolerated
This word mocks a serious medical condition.
Your hate for someone who is out of public life is a waste of energy.
The president should not be getting rid of anybody.
Just call her ugly if you want to make that point.
There is free speech in this country, you can go after whoever you want.
If you want change you should write a letter to your legislator.
You would be more convincing with arguments instead of insults. You are not really making a point here.
Please do not pass judgment on others in such an aggressive way.
There are better words that should be used to replace the foul language.
We will not tolerate any kind of derogatory comments here
Please stop all the hateful attacks on others when you state your views.
The use of name calling and foul language only starts pointless arguments.
Remove all the offensive remarks that are demeaning to others please.
Speaking down on others speaks volumes about one's character.
Withdraw the painful remarks toward others and use more obliging terms please.
There are much better terms that should be used to replace the foul language.
Offensive language of any kind will not be tolerated here
Please reassess your comments and use words that are not degrading.
The vulgar language used shows a lack of having a good vocabulary.
Each person is different. Just because someone is a different race than you doesn't mean they fit a stereotype.
Race and religion should not be used as an insult.  That’s hate speech and detracts from any other argument you are presenting.
Just because someone is a different race or religion, doesn't mean they are less than you.
\Race should not be used as an insult.  That’s hate speech and detracts from any other argument you are presenting.
Each person is different. It doesn't make any sense to insult an entire race of people.
Religion or race should not be a category that is attacked or demeaned. Focus on the objectionable behavior, not who they are.
Using such foul language to describe a woman speaks volumes about one's character.
Using foul language can show others you have a lack of a good vocabulary.
Name calling does nothing to make one's point any more valid.
Using foul language doesn't make one's point any more heard by others.
This hard line mentality is keeping you from making real connections with those around you.
If you have never watched something, you then don't know enough about it to criticize it.
Referring to someone as a communist because they disagree with you makes you look weak and renders your opinion flat
I think that you should examine how extremely you are responding to people who say things you don't like.
You can overthrow a leader, you cannot overthrow a country.
It would be nice if you could see people like this as human just like you are.
Mocking someone by using terms that should be withheld for people with a real condition just shows that you have no real opinions
I don't know your motivations but it's sad to see you use language that will harm your community and yourself.
If you find people strange or weird you can choose to not engage with them.
Nice put someone down for turning down your degrading offer.
I don't know why you would go out of your way to insult disabled people in an unrelated post.
If you're over it just stop. It sounds like you're just going to be tweeting more.
It is a wonder you get any responses when they only way you can express yourself is by demeaning those a little slower than you
We ask that you respect your fellow Redditors with physical and or mental disabilities when expressing yourself. Thank you in advance.
"Ret--d" used here offends the mentally disabled and their families.
Here at Reddit such language and terms are not tolerated. We ask that you review our user policies and consider this a first warning. Ty
Derogatory terms towards the mentally challenged are unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
Your discourse is in violation of our code of conduct. Please review said policies and consider this a first warning. Thank you in advance.
"B--ch" and "ret--d" are terms of hate and so do not belong in this forum.
Language attacking one's gender is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
We ask that you not use such terms in the future. Please review our user polices; Reddit is for everyone after all. Thank you
Calling women "tw-ts" is hateful, humiliating and demeaning; it should be avoided here.
Wow that escalated very quickly.
It doesn't make sense to make fun of a person you've never even met.
Surely there are different words you can use.
I feel like this is a tangent that has nothing to do with Tommy Robinson. Also fairly offensive.
This comment is unbelievably ignorant, and dangerously Islamophobic. This is blatant threatening hate speech, and is very hateful.
I feel like Faggot is not a great choice of words here.
"Faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people, and should not be used.
Just because one person is racist doesn't mean you should be racist too.
You could state this better with less offensive language.
There is no need to be vulgar or wish ill on anyone.
There has to be a better way of saying something is incorrect or not smart.
Racism never got anyone anywhere, let's try and rephrase that.
Using religion as a way to insult something is only showing of your lack of creativity
There has a better way of saying something is unintelligent.
There is no way using that language helps your argument here
Name calling a person you don't know based on what the media says is not going to solve anything.
Making fun of a person's nationality religion and sexual preference doesn't look good on you. Educate yourself.
This is a hurtful and extreme way to talk about an entire race of people.
Please do not use derogatory religious slurs.
Women are not meant to be dehumanized by calling them names.
If you are so opposed to this, maybe you should start with eliminating slurs from your language.
Profanity is extremely offensive to many people.
This is a person that you could easily ignore rather than to get so upset about her.
Please do not use derogatory language for poverty or racial slurs.
Slang terms to describe a race are not accepted and are offensive to many.
You should not be so willing to use gendered slurs when you are trying to defend yourself.
Words are offensive to women and profanity is not always widely accepted.
This is a very extreme way to look at things and you should examine where these beliefs came from.
Please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disability or racial slurs.
Profanity and racial slurs should never be mentioned in the public arena unless a response is expected back.
That is not a convincing way to make an argument. People will listen to you more if you are more civil.
User 1's just giving information; no need for attacks if you don't like the post.
Your argument is not supported by disparaging the differently-abled.
User 2 and 3 are getting on their own tangent.  We should stick to the subject at hand.
That acronym doesn't even use the right letters.
Not every black person uses ebonics.  There are plenty of eloquent black people in college.
There is no evidence that doing something like this is because he's black.
There are pedophiles from all races.  Black people aren't the only ones.
We should focus on the music.
Freddie Mercury isn't just known for how he died.  There are plenty of people who celebrate his music even now.
I need you to make the real world connection to the young girls that you are harming with this.
Using that language doesn't help you make your argument here
You could actually have an academic conversation about this rather than to use stereotypes and slurs.
You shouldn't attack people who are trying to protect those who are vulnerable.
The N word is highly offensive.   Plus, there needs to be more sensitivity regarding language associated with the LGBT community.
There is no point using hateful language, just make your argument and go
I hope you can see that you are threatening a real woman with death.
No need to use a racial slur because you don't agree with him.
Just because you never heard of him doesn't mean you have to use slurs.
The article speaks for itself without the hateful description.
That whole sentence is really offensive and inappropriate.
Using such a crued term to describe a woman shows a serious lack of respect.
Even though I don't agree with her, she is wildly popular all over the world.
This language is rude and offensive, please refrain.
That is uncalled for. We all have bad days and make mistakes.
Do not use these words while describing people.
Name calling does nothing to make a valid point about the discussion topic.
His religion or sexual orientation has nothing to do with who he is or what he has said or done and should not matter.
Please refrain from using vulgar language.
Talking down on others because of their race speaks volumes about one's character.
Completely unnecessary. If you are not being directly effected than it should not bother you. If it bothers you than don't watch.
Please refrain from speaking badly about religion.
Completely uneducated. As a Caucasian Catholic I am not a raghead nor the enemy of my Caucasian race or any other.
The attacking of each other is unnecessary and using that language is very uncalled for.
Name calling and foul language leads to pointless arguments that have nothing to do with the topic at hand.
All of that is completely uncalled for. Just because one does not agree with you does not mean it is okay for threats or name calling.
That is not true. We aren't born to hate, it is a learned behavior. Hopefully you can learn to change.
There is no point using hate speech to make your point here
Hatred is a feeling, and feelings are personal, not genetic.
You think using slurs is empowering but it only serves to decay your moral character. We can all get along.
Yes, I do. Leave the profanity out and focus on facts.
Using that language is so not necessary here
After a while, profanity just becomes meaningless. It's too bad you couldn't say something witty.
Not cool.
There is literally no point in posting this stuff
Name-calling is so tiresome.  We are not in second grade anymore.
Your comments prove that racism is alive and well in America. Hopefully one day it will come to an end.
I think both your posts show that there is still plenty of racism in America.
This line of logic is confusing and does not justify using a slur this serious.
This is a wildly disproportionate response to something very harmless.
You should not make such strong assumptions about a whole race of people.
I don't know if this is meant to be a joke, but you shouldn't be using this word.
id delete the comment
I think we should agree everyone who is guilty should be brought to justice.
There may be some wild ideas on the fringe but this stuff is far from main stream.
delete the comment and issue a warning to the person via email on the policies of hate speech
I honestly think using those insults takes away from your argument.
delete the comment   issue warning to the user via email
You should be able to come up with more to say than that.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your narrow mindedness
delete the comments and issue warnings to the users via email   possible three day suspensions off the platform
If you feel this way you should just ignore her.
This post's hateful homophobia warrants its exclusion.
Both racist ("n word") and homophobic ("fa--ot") hate speech are sufficient cause to exclude this post for malevolence.
Neo-nazi hate-spewing (praise for gas ovens) and anti-disabled venom ("ret--ded") give cause for this post to be banned here.
Neither misogyny ("women raped")  nor homophobic hate ("fa--ot") are not permitted here.
Misogynistic, vacuous venom gives ample cause for banning these hateful comments.
Using the language is offensive to people with different sexual orientation and should not be used. You need to be more empathetic.
There's no need to use such offensive language to get your point across.
Labeling a party with terms that give stereotypes are hateful and do not advance society but hurt and offend genders.
I don't agree wit the use of language for how you're describing the parties.
The language used is offensive to both genders and races and needs to be checked and generic words should be used instead.
That's pretty offensive.
Using a word that refers to ability in a negative way is extremely offensive to special needs people and should never be used.
The language used attacks race and needs to be more sensitive to others.
Would you call yourself that?
I'm not sure why you think it's necessary to use this kind of language to ostracize people.
Maybe they should go back to twitter if this place is filled with offensive language.
You should take a look at what you consider to be insulting and how you are using it.
I'm sure this is an argument you could have made without bringing disabled people into it.
You criticize their argument but you also undermine your own using that language.
I hope that you're aware the number of groups that you are insulting just in this one sentence.
Your language is just proving the claim that you're ignorant! You can do better.
I really don't think that you should be using the KKK as an organizing model.
Supporting racist policy is wrong, whether it is in secret or out in the open.
You should not be so quick to reject people from your own country.
Please refrain from using any racial slurs in your comments
Making a woman like this the focus of your hatred only proves your biases.
Please refrain from using language that is racist in nature
It's not okay to use words like this even to describe people that you are angry with.
Please do not use racial slurs in your comments
If you are trying to defend your point you should not be using slurs against disabled people.
The best is in us all as the worst
There are more whites on welfare than any other race.
Love and marriage go togither like a horse and carriage.
Rap lyrics should come with a translator.
This comment and language isn't even necessary
You are making assumptions that may not be true and using words that carry a lot of weight. I think you should evaluate why you feel this.
delete that comment and issue an email warning of the hate speech policy
Using language attacking race and ethnicity is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
delete the comment and issue a warning email to the user
The C word and language attacking one's gender is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
I think this point would be better made if you explained what you didn't like about her as opposed to using slurs and ableist language.
delete that comment and issue a warning to that user via email
There are many strong gay men so I don't think this insult works. Maybe you could think more thoughtfully about how you phrase things.
delete those comments and issue a three day suspension because it was directed at someone on the platform .
delete that comment and issue a warning via email to the user on the policy of the hate speech tolerated on this platform
The words being used are morally wrong
She is a human being not an ape. Try to show to some respect and you might get respect back.
delete the comment and issue a warning via email on the hate speech policy
You are using incredibly offensive name calling
The words you are using are morally offensive
Don't sink to their level and disparage people with disabilities. You can use better words than that.
delete the comment and issue a small suspension because that comment was directed at someone personally in the post
Your words are offensive to a particular group of people
You must have a hard time showing respect to other people. Let's try to be civil.
delete that comment and issue a warning via email
Inexcusable name calling
She is a woman, however she is. You might disagree with them, but she still deserves respect.
All you can do is swear at people to make a point, why not develop your opinion with actual facts that can be substantiated
Demean someone because they aren't like you, the impact of your statement takes away from what you are trying to say
Slandering a man using a term saved for a different lifestyle, the only message you sent is that you are angry
I'm sorry. Racist language and sentiments like those are not acceptable. Please show more respect.
It doesn't make since to hate an entire race of people based on the actions of few.
Cats sleep up gto 18 hours a day.
Please do not use words like that, which denigrate women.
Go red, white and blue America rules.
Please do not use antisemitic language.
It doesn't make since to name call and judge people you've never even met.
History is a fascinating subject.
Sideways dutch
You weakened your position by using this word.
Putting others down because of their race speaks volumes about one's character.
You've managed to offend the most possible groups in one absurd sentence. Lovely.
It doesn't make any sense to hate an entire race or religion just because of the actions of a few people.
Using such harsh language to speak about a woman shows a lack of respect.
When that's your only come back, someone has clearly struck a nerve.
Name calling people you have never even met isn't going to solve anything.
Speaking down on others because of their race speaks volumes about your character.
Your argument is illogical and offensive on so many levels, and there's no such thing as a "Hassic" Jew.
It doesn't make any sense to hate an entire race or religion based on the actions of a few people.
Sexist disgusting language makes it look like you don't know how to construct an argument.
Making fun of sexual preference is hurtful. Educate yourself.
Making fun of genders in a hurtful tone is not permitted in today's society. Educate yourself.
Making fun of handicapped people makes you sound uneducated.
Please do not use derogatory language for mental disabilities and racial slurs.
Be more sensitive to people's nationality and to handicapped. Please educate yourself before you speak.
Please do not use homophobic slurs.
Making fun of sexual preference makes you sound uneducated.
I understand your point, but you might want to back off the language a bit.
It's rude and derogatory to describe homosexuals with that word.
It doesn't make sense to assume the lifestyle of someone you have never even met.
You really do seem quite hostile.  It's not good for you.  You should learn to relax a bit.
You are a hateful person and should not use racial or homophobic language.
I understand you don't like him, but that word is very offensive to not only women, but many men as well.
I understand your point, but some of your arguments are getting lost in all of the racist language.  I'd back off of it a bit.
It is terrible and racist to imply someone should go to a different country, and this type of talking is very divisive.
Name calling a person you barely know is not going to solve anything.
While this may seem like a less offensive slur, it's still a terrible word to use to refer to a woman.
Criticizing someone is one thing, but attacking their child and their personal issues  is unwarranted.
The slurs are unnecessary. If you are bothered by spam, just find a way to block it.
Talking down on someone because of their choice of sexuality shows a lack of respect for others.
Making assumptions of sexual orientation and then furthering those assumptions with slurs is disrespectful and unnecessary.
Hi There, Please refrain from using homophobic or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here.
Slurs regarding sexuality are not helpful. If you wish to express an opinion about a public figure, it can be done respectfully.
The use of foul language and name calling takes away from the opinion one is trying to make.
These users ruined an otherwise productive debate by putting slurs all over the message board. They should state their opinion sans insult.
Using such a foul term to describe a race of people speaks volume about one's character.
Steer clear of the hate talk please and employ kinder words.
Please keep away from the hurtful words and say something less damaging.
Please take out the attacks on others and use friendlier expressions.
This word shouldn't be used this way
Stop the hate talk please and begin to use language that is more edifying.
This word should not be used
Please desist from using abrasive language and express your views with warmer words.
Removing the foul language will make it more likely that others will consider your point of view.
Using racial slurs speaks volumes about one's character.
Racism, rampant in these unfortunate posts, is banned in this forum.
Name calling leads to nothing but pointless arguments.
Both disabled-bashing and misogynistic hatred are banned in this forum.
Removing the foul language will make the posts more pleasurable for others to read.
Homophobia ("fa--ot"), disabled-bashing ("--tards"), and anti-Islamic hatred create sufficient cause for the banning of their authors.
You are deliberately understanding an ideology in order to make yourself more angry.
Threatening to fight people is childish, you should know better if you are old.
I don't know why you would think it was a good idea to use such an extreme word so casually.
This is mobbing and for the purpose of insulting someone based on sexuality.
There is nothing wrong with being a homosexual.
I hope that you can take a step back and see the violence of what you are saying.
Just because you disagree with someone there is no excuse to threaten them with violence.
I think you should consider why people with abhorrent viewpoints are congregating so closely to you.
People have the right to say their opinions without having to get away from the rest of us.
Please refrain from using offensive terms when making your point.
Please refrain from using derogatory terms when speaking of others.
Derogatory comments and racial slurs will not be tolerated here
While it is often true that jobs like that involve nepotism, I highly doubt what you have suggested. It was a foul comment.
Race has nothing to do with it, this is a very coveted position.
You can make your point without resorting to slur
This video has gone viral elsewhere. There is no need to disseminate it in the name of sexual bias.
Way to alienate an entire group of women by using homophobic slurs.
A person's sexual orientation does not need to be emphasized in order to raise abortion awareness
Your rhetoric is acidic, untruthful and harmful to society. There is no reason for this except to incite war.
Your rant is offensive to disabled people, please rethink your choice of insults.
Your use of slurs meant to discredit those you are against ends up discrediting the point you are trying to make
This conversation is nothing but mudslinging. I see a new puddle for you to play in...over there.
This thread has become an antisemitic rant. Please stay on topic.
Please refrain from current language or both your accounts would be banned from this space.
The tweet is not showing. Perhaps you could repost it so that we all can see it.
That's a good way to offend all women, many of whom would agree with you.
It is great you disagree with such abhorrent tweet but please refrain from slurs as they in turn discredit you
What is wrong with political figures being gay? You need to get with the times.
Homophobic slurs do nothing to support your dislike for the candidates.
She's still a woman who deserves respect
There is no reason to offend all women because you don't agree with her political stance.
Please do not use expressions that demean women.
Why would you ever encourage someone to kill themselves. How guilty would you feel if in their suicide note you were the reason they jumped?
It is hard to read your argument when it is full of anti-female slurs.
You are entitled to your own political opinions but calling people "nigger" makes everything worse.
You haven't made a point except that you dislike many different groups of people.
Do not use expressions that denigrate a person on the basis of race, religion, or sexual preference.
"Retarded" is a derogitory
Your use of a word so offensive to disabled people is a good reason for you to get muted.
You are right to dislike this rapper's hateful rhetoric. However, using a similar hateful tone weakens your argument against what he said.
You gave the title of the video in your link, but it appears that the language is your own. Perhaps next time, simply post the link.
With all the foul language and name calling it makes it hard to understand one's point of view.
You address what you do not like about the person here, but do nothing to disprove the points made. Focus on the ideas, not the person.
You can better prove your point by attacking an incorrect position or argument. Tell what makes the person wrong.
Wipe out the disgraceful comments, and please write some that are more edifying to others.
Name calling a person you've never met based on the media doesn't make any sense.
Please exclude comments that are debasing to others.
Please convey your thoughts in a way that is less reprehensible.
Please scour the distasteful talk from your commentary.
Please express your opinion with more benevolent words and less destructive comments.
Please refrain from using derogatory terms which may offend.
Remove the vicious attacks at others please.
Please do not use offensive racial terms when describing people.
Please consider others' feelings and use words that are not so deplorable to others.
Please do not use racially insensitive words to describe people.
The speech you use is disgusting to others so please reconsider not using the vile language.
Please refrain from using racially insensitive terms when describing people.
Please express your thoughts in a non-prejudiced way without offense to others.
The use of this language is not necessary.
These words are offensive and should not be used.
This is a direct attack, please do not use such language.
Using this language and wording is uncalled for. Please refrain in the future.
These words are unnecessary and uncalled for. Please rethink next time.
Please don't use the r-word, that is very offensive.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race and/or disability in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Wow, calm down user 3, stop calling people terrorists and all the other expletives you are spewing.
Don't bring politics into this, and don't go around calling people that word, thanks.
Hi There, Please refrain from using racist or sexist comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
Well you are being racist right now so you can stop please.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race and ethnicity and/or sex and gender in violation of our Com. Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
Wow, please stop being so racist and spewing your hate.
Your post denigrates race and/or ethnicity in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Hi there,  homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thanks
Please do not post homophobic content here.
Racist content is not tolerated here.
Please do not post racist content, it is not a good idea.
Hey there, Racist and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Each person is different. You should judge a person by their character, not their race.
Please do not post racist and antisemitic content on this site.
Your argument is all over the place, "toxic semitism" isn't even a thing, just something you've made up to bolster a bad argument.
The language used here is derogatory towards women, and offensive to the disabled community, whether you realize such or not!
Fighting hate speech with hate speech isn't going to solve any problems.
If you are going to use offensive epithets, at least spell "Muslim" correctly.
The term you have used here exemplifies racism, and is derogatory in general. There is zero tolerance for this. Please use better language.
It is better to judge a person based on their character rather than their race or religion.
Calling someone a "f----t pedophile" just weakens your argument.
The term you have used here is derogatory, and offensive to the gay community. You need to refrain from using this unnecessary term.
This argument isn't pro-GOP, it's anti-Semitic, racist, and sexist.  User 5 is dead-on right.
The terms used here are offensive to the gay community, and exemplify racism. This is unacceptable! You need to use less harmful language.
Every person is different. You should judge people based on their character rather than their religion or race.
" Antifa Terorrist faggot"-doesn't even make sense.
The term used here is offensive towards the gay community, and never okay to use. You need to use different, less harmful language.
Name calling someone you don't even know isn't going to accomplish anything.
No matter if your correct or incorrect, there's really no need to call him that
One shouldn't insult men by saying they have a female characteristic.
Just because you disagree with someone's lifestyle doesn't mean they are less than you.
I respect your opinion but that really could effect people with that sexuality, and that's a lot of people
Non-traditional sexualities are just as valid as a historically traditional expression of sexually.
I agree, but the language is not necessary
That word is disparaging to women and doesn't say anything at all, other than you want to be offensive.
Please refrain from using that word, there really are other ways of being fun other than using derogatory terms.
The n-word here is entirely unnecessary and used for shock value and attention.
You could very well be correct but please consider people who do have this mental condition.
The words used at the end of this comment are hurtful and are luckily very out of fashion.
All religions, ethnicities, and social groups deserve tolerance. The violence doesn't need to be escalated.
Your speech and use of slurs is a sign of poor education.  Nobody intelligent will take you seriously.
I hope you realize someday how childish you sound.
You only judge people because you feel terrible about yourself as a human being.  perhaps someday you'll wise up; I expect not.
Your type of prejudice is what brings society down.  Why not try to contribute positivity instead?
Your use of such a slur is a sure indication of your lack of vocabulary.  You might be capable of learning new words.  Use them.
I understand your upset, but referencing his sexual orientation (factual or otherwise) isn't getting us anywhere in situations like this.
theres the f word again,just no need. please just delete that word from your dictionary
oh calm down both of you, no need for that here or anywhere for that matter. thanks in advance
The foul language used should be replace with more appropriate words.
Atrocious crimes that have been committed here, but don't lower yourself by using racist language. I'm sure you're better than that!
all just unwarranted. leave that language in your heads, dont share it online please
Using racial slurs to describe someone speaks volumes about one'a character.
Using words like that to describe someone else only makes you look foolish and doesn't get your actual point across to anyone.
oh the f bomb again, i must find a way to stop its use. perhaps being polite will work. please no more f word
A bit of a contradiction really. I don't think there are or were very many homosexual Nazis. Hahaha!
that enough of the bad language. explain yourself in the queens english or type no more
Name calling does nothing more than create pointless arguments.
Have more respect and then people will do the same back to you. You get what you give in life.
Offensive language is not allowed here
I never cared for her but come on we all get sick. Leave the lady alone.
The name calling is irrelevant, but I agree if it's not yours than your stealing it.
Please rephrase your comment so that it isn't offensive
That is just awful to do to anyone. Now I see why their begging to come to America.
I don't think is a true name for a limo. They do have some really nice Royals Royce ones though.
Stand up for the population being hated on.
You don't need to talk about her like that.
Okay, using faggot here is not okay. You may not agree with Trudeau, but do you really need to call him that?
There needs to be more sensitivity regarding language associated with the LGBT community. The violence doesn't need to be escalated.
The wrong assumption was made here. He may not agree with homosexuality, doesn't automatically make him one.
That was kind of uncalled for. Hopefully Torba can beat Vox Day. Let's leave the name calling out of it.
Whoa there, sexist and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thx
He did keep the nation together though and ultimately they were able to fight back.
Both sides of this argument are not using the generally accepted facts about this subject.
It is better and more convincing to use words like idiot or dullard.
The language used here is derogatory and racist, and racism is not acceptable in any context. You need to refrain from using hateful terms!
Using that kind of hate speech doesn't add anything of value to the conversation.
The term you have used here is derogatory, even in the context you are putting it in. You need to refrain from using such hateful language.
Your opinion is valid, but if someone doesn't like you using a certain word there is usually a good reason not to use it.
The term you have used here is offensive to the disabled community, and not okay in any context. You need to prevent harm with better words.
Be-careful not to use words that may hurt the mentally challenged, it will make your comments more likable if you refrain from it.
The term used here is offensive towards the disabled community, and can cause harm. You need to prevent this by using better word choices.
The R word is highly offensive.  Spread the word to end the word. We need more sensitivity regarding language about the LGBT community.
Just because someone is of a certain sexual orientation doesn't make them any less smart than others. Otherwise, you can have your opinions.
The term you have used here is offensive towards the gay community, and is a derogatory term. You need to refrain from using hateful terms.
Drop the hate speech and I bet a lot of people would support your claim.
You don't need to read anyone stating their views as an attack against you necessarily.
Making fun of a person's nationality, sexual preference, and religion doesn't look good on you. Educate yourself.
You should take a deep breath and realize that it's not a game to say things like this.
This level of antisemitism and bigotry is beneath you.
This is an ugly term that has been invented only to demean people.
This is a pretty extremist view that will make your life a lot more difficult.
Referring to people as the n-word or any other racial slur just debases your point and obscures any argument you are trying to make.
I think the lot of you don't really know what you are talking about and choose to believe things that confirm your own biases.
Using slurs like that doesn't make it seem like you have improved as a person. Please work on that.
Where you are now is not where you need to be if you are calling people a massive faggot. You sound immature as hell.
Please try and treat people with humanity.
You realize you are only hurting yourself when you say such hateful things. It will slowly destroy you.
People of all kinds have all different kinds of beliefs. The sooner you accept this the happier you will be in this world.
You are entitled to believe in whatever conspiracy you want, but calling things retarded makes you seem immature and careless.
That's a really offensive way of getting your point across.
I think that you should look into the history of the treatment of black people in this country.
Those terms are offensive even if you're talking about yourself.
I don't think that you should be making excuses to ignore political violence.
You don't have to agree, but mocking the disabled is unacceptable.
You should allow people the freedom to make their own choices without it making you so angry.
I agree with your point, but race has nothing to do with this discussion.
Women not doing what you want should not provoke a response of you wanting to force them to.
Could have done without the homophobic description.
This is an extremely complicated way to dismiss something that you don't like.
Disabled people are among the most vulnerable, they don't need this from you.
Perhaps you should consider that virulent racism is a flaw in your strategy.
This is just one step from seeing that you may be directing your anger to the wrong people.
I think that you should consider immigration less in terms of sweeping conspiracies.
This is a really hateful thing to say about children.
I hope you realize that what you are advocating is ethnic cleansing.
You should not assume that everyone who has done something you don't like is gay.
Misogyny ("c--t") and knee-jerk homophobia ("fa--ot") are sufficiently offensive to warrant a ban here, please avoid them.
I think you should do more research about other cultures and their social tolerance.
Misogyny ("bi--h"") and knee-jerk homophobia ("fa--ot") are sufficiently offensive to warrant a ban here, please avoid them.
Please don't speak this way about people who have done nothing to hurt you.
Racist speech ("n word") and homophobic hatred ("fa--ot") combine to make this vile post verboten.
Your fear of Jewish people is a stand-in for you feeling powerless in your own life.
The Neonazi anti-semitism, homophobic hate, and anti-Islamic venom contained in this emission of antipathy are sufficient to cause its ban.
There is no reason to completely generalize an entire category of people to forward an agenda.
We do not tolerate hate speech here
If you want to stop being called a nazi, please refrain from using language generally associated with Nazis.
Please find different language to get your point accross
I think we should be able to refute points in a more lingual way.
We do not tolerate offensive language here
Try and expand on your argument and stay polite.
Use non hateful terms in your responses
Regardless of your issues with the segment, there is no reason to use such gross language.
Do not make comments with derogatory words please
Use of the slurs here is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults women.
Just because someone has a different political opinion than you doesn't mean they are less intelligent.
Do not use homophobic language
Homophobic language will not be tolerated here
It doesn't make sense to judge and make assumptions about someone you've never even met.
Do not use homophobic language here
It is better to judge someone by their character, instead of by their lifestyle.
No one should be calling people that at all, openly or otherwise.
You obviously dislike her, but the hateful slurs offend all women.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and sexual orientation in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
Video speaks for itself, anti-female slur wasn't necessary.
The article didn't even mention a particular race, you assumed and started a hate filled rant.
Kindly note that racist speech is not acceptable . Please moderate your language.
Notice how the original poster left the conversation when it started to include hate speech. If you talk that way smart people don't listen.
Racism (the "n word') and misogynistic hatred ("pu--y" et al.) are both banned here so please do not engage in them.
You can just call people dumb or stupid instead.
"Retard" used here offends the mentally disabled and their families so should be avoided.
Please express your opinions without using expressions that demean people of other religions.
You are not even spelling things correctly in your argument.
Islamic-bashing is hate speech, please void it.
Please avoid making racist comments.
You could say instead that they sound dumb or unintelligent.
Both racism and disabled-bashing, both exhibited here, can cause banishment from Gab.
There is no need to use racist language. Please moderate your speech.
Blackface had a more widespread use historically than what you describe.
Both racism (the "n word") and antisemitism complete here for most odious--yet both are banned, so please desist.
Please don't use historical tragedies like lynching to make a point
Using racial slurs does not make your argument more convincing.
Everyone is different. It is better to judge someone based on their character rather than a racial stereotype.
Please refrain from using slurs about Latinx people
That is a really hateful slur and isn't necessary in this post.
Using slurs about gay people and mentally challenged people doesn't help your arguments
The video speaks for itself. Using hate slurs isn't necessary.
Using a derogatory term against someone you dislike is mocking those with actual mental disabilities.
Hey next time you're being racist and homophobic maybe think twice before posting
Random hate speech doesn't enhance the conversation.
It is better to get to know someone before you make assumptions based on their race or lifestyle.
Pointing out an ad  hominem argument with an ad hominem argument doesn't make much sense
This was a great discussion until the irrelevant name calling began.
Just because someone likes the same sex or has a mental disability doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of.
I choose not to comment on Russian politics.
It is certainly your choice to not watch professional football games.  There needs to be more sensitivity around language regarding the LGBT
Hi There, Racist and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
All people are free to choose their partners.
Everyone is different. It makes more sense to judge someone based on their character rather than their race.
All women deserve to be free of judgment.
All people deserve respect, regardless of skin color.  This includes language.
Homophobic hate speech, exemplified here, is not allowed in this forum. We'll lose you if you keep this up, I'm afraid.
Anti-Islamic, racist hatred, oozing from this post, is banned and may easily result in your swift departure from this forum.
Racial defamation and antisemitism, like your post here, dehumanizes targeted groups and justify oppression. Please stop.
These posts all display misogynism--the hatred of, contempt for, or prejudice against women. Such unreasoned statements are not allowed.
Using the epithet "fa--ot" because it is homophobic hate speech, may not be engaged in here. If you persist, you may be ejected.
Race is a controversial issue of course. But the more people go online and talk this way, the worse it gets. Grow up people.
Make your comment and go, no need for hate speech
I don't think she is funny at all but I still wouldn't call her that. As a woman she still deserves respect.
Exactly... Once someone is challenged on what they say it gets worse. I say move on and let them talk to them themselves.
That terminology is unnecessary, just make your point and go
If the Washington Post was working with a Muslim Brotherhood propagandist they should answer to its readers.
You can make that same point without the hate speech thrown in there
I would think they would be smarter and grow more in the months leading up to the legalization.
Race isn't the issue. I am white and I struggle daily too. I been looking for work with a college education for over 1 year; no luck.
Please be advised that the "n word" and homophobic hate terms offend many and so do not belong on this site.
I don't think she was celebrating an assault. I took this a total different way. As for Amy, I love her!
Misogyny, antisemitism, and the surrounding hate speech are sufficiently repugnant to be banned here.
Come on she is a very nice woman and beautiful.
I disagree. Trump did save rich people a lot of money, but that equals us more jobs and a better tax return.
Homophobia and the term "fa--ot" are hateful and so are banned here.
Both repugnant racism and using the "n word" have no place here.
Using vulgar language to describe someone based on their race is very childish.
It is apparent that you have nothing constructive to say.
Antisemitism, homophobic hatred, and the word "fa--ot" are not welcome on Gab so this comment is banned.
Talking down on others does nothing to prove whatever point you are trying to make.
Take heart in the fact that you are a devout Christian. Oops, wait, posting things like that is not Christian. Oh, well.
Ethnic hatred and the use of the "n word" are unwelcome here and so will be excised.
Calling someone names based on their race speaks volumes about one's personality.
Not sure if you are referring to Gitmo, or to females that seem to enrage you. Or is it our government? Please clarify.
Neo-nazism, misogyny, anti-semitism, and homophobia are central to this exchange - but, all will be banned here as hate speech.
Name calling only leads to pointless arguments that make no valid points.
How sad that you boys can't play nice. WE could have a great place here, but it will be shut down because of you.
The term "wetback" is a staple of ethnicity-based hatred and so is not permitted here.
Calling someone names based on their race speaks volumes about one's true character.
This is very confusing. If that was a woman posting, it seems that she's against Trump. How refreshing.
A person's political leanings do not strip them of their humanity, especially if they are not leanings that strip others of theirs.
Anti-feminism words are racist and should never be said along with racial slurs. They only create more problems.
There are several instances of derogatory slurs here that denigrate immigrants and women.
Profanity and language targeting women is not accepted and should be changed before using in public.
Please refer to a person's ethnicity in acceptable terms.
Racial slurs make you sound ignorant and are not accepted in today's world. It's best to hold back.
A person's intellectual capacity is not your business to make derogatory comments upon.
Calling someone out based on intellect or disability is never well received and offends a large group of people. This is never accepted.
This slur is doubly offensive to double the amount of people.
Calling someone a name that can be mistaken for anti-feminism is wrong and needs to be avoided at all costs.
Making fun of a woman and homosexuals have no place in society. Educate yourself.
It's understandable that you don't like the video, but music is music.  There are different races who do all types of music.
Hateful language regarding race is unwarranted and nonsensical.
Just because someone is a different race than you doesn't mean the music they produce deserves to be made fun of.
Please explain why you're so angry at the ones posting this.  User 1 and 2 have valid points.
While you're right that it isn't happening everywhere, the attack isn't necessary for making your point.
No need to use hateful language regarding people with disability to express opinion.
Using a derogatory term against the people you disagree with is putting down those with actual mental disabilities.
Not all black people who went to college are hateful.  There are a few, but going to college doesn't make one racist or hateful.
Just because a certain race may have acted racist doesn't mean it's alright for you to be racist.
Building a wall isn't really going to prevent the trespassing or the law-breaking.  It's just going to cause more of a divide.
Hateful language regarding ethnicity is unwarranted and not humorous.
Try using 'full crazy' or stupid or nuts.
A woman would usually know how a man touches her private parts.
Neither is your comment convincing of anything.
This image is disturbing and hurtful to those with mental or intellectual disabilities.
Please avoid using expressions that demean people because of their gender or race.
Nothing you say is legible beyond sounding just stupid and hateful.
That language is very derogatory toward black women.
I mean, you sound exactly like what you are calling him.
We need to shut down any support of violent behavior. Also, refrain from using language that is harmful to the LGBTQ+ community.
That is racist speech and it is unacceptable. Please modify your language.
You really need to learn better ways to call people that are not so bigoted.
There should be no online organizing to harm people in real life.
Colin Powell is a respected member of the Republican party, most people do care.
True many Americans do own guns, not just those on the right.
Free speech is good. We should be allowed to say what we want. We should also know well enough to choose not to.
Hi there, racist and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Studies show drugs affect people universally, not specific groups.
You can disagree with Justin Trudeau politically without having to insult people with disabilities.
Your post uses speech denigrating ethnicity and/or disability in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
This thread is closed. Your accounts have been suspended or closed. You can email a Moderator for further information. Have a nice day
You have been permanently banned. We have recorded your IP and further accounts created from said IP will be closed.
Your account has been suspended. Reddit is a global and inclusive community. You can email a Moderator to appeal this action. Ty
Your account has been suspended. Please review your user policies. You can email a Moderator to appeal this action and for clarification.
We insist that you review our user policies. Final warning. Continued use of such language will result in permanent account closure. Ty
The use of derogatory terms are not needed and can be removed
The point can be made without those words and need to be removed
Those words are not needed and can be removed
The N word and language denigrating someone's race is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
Language attacking religious affiliation and terms that denigrate the mentally challenged are unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
The post is offensive and needs to be removed. it does not add to the conversation
Sexual orientation has nothing to do with this conversation, please refrain from personal attacks.
Please refrain from using that kind of language in hopes of having a decent conversation regarding the issue.
Using this language is not appropriate. Please refrain in the future.
Using your preferred language insinuates racism. Maybe leave out the sexual preference and ethnic name calling.
These words are not appropriate to use. Please refrain.
You should refrain from using these words when describing people.
Religious preference has nothing to do with political views. Having a meaningful conversation cannot be done by name calling.
This kind of talk is not necessary.
All of the foul language and put downs have nothing to do with the topic at hand.
Do not use offensive language towards any religion
The foul language used does not make your point more valid.
Do not use racial slurs of any kind here
Talking down on people shows a lack of respect.
There are much more effective words that can be used to replace the foul language.
Name calling and foul language are childish ways to describe someone.
That's extremely offensive. Have some more respect for people.
Is there some less offensive, more intelligent way you could express your disagreement,
There's no need to call world leaders names. They're people too.
The N word is highly offensive.   And there needs to be more sensitivity regarding language associated with the LGBT community.
They're people too. Would you appreciate if someone talked to you like that.
That is too much too soon. Calm yourself.
I can't believe this is your response to someone saying they are not a Nazi.
It appears that he is doing just that by stating his side. he also asked nicely if you would mute him. Do it. Please.
I wish that you wouldn't speak so disrespectfully of a dead man.
I'll bet you would have volunteered to strap one on and do it yourself. Well, no, I guess not.
This has brought down the whole discussion immediately.
Perhaps you should go to the dictionary and look these things up before you post.
Maybe this will help you to understand why a platform like this is targeted.
The fact of the matter is that people who want to spread anger and fear will go anywhere that they are allowed to do so.
Just because someone is different than you doesn't mean they are less than you.
No one is going to take your post seriously with nasty hate speech like what you just spewed out, you should be ashamed.
I encourage you to educate yourself about The Holocaust.
Everyone is different. It is better to judge someone based on their character, instead of their religion or lifestyle.
Your comment is utterly useless and anyone who reads it is in return dumber for having read you comment, grow up child.
There is no reason to use gendered slurs, please try and do better next time.
You saying that just makes you a vile person, you should attack someone for the color of their skin.
You can discuss race relations without being needlessly ignorant, dude.
Just because some people of the same race have done a bad thing, doesn't mean the entire race is bad.
Something is seriously wrong with you for saying such vile hate speech to another human being, you must live a very sad lonely life.
It is 2019, it is not okay to use such dated and horrible language against people of color.
A word related to being a female should not be used as an insult, but as such, it as offensive and threatening.
Your account has been suspended. You can email a Moderator to appeal this action. In the mean time please review our user policies.
Freedom of religion gives individuals to believe in whatever religion they would like, and your anti-gay slur is unnecessary.
Reddit is a worldwide community and such language cannot be tolerated. This is a final warning, please review our user policies. Ty
Refraining from this type of anti-female language contributes to a safer, more inclusive community.
Such language is not tolerated here on Reddit. We ask that you review our user policies and code of conduct. First warning. Thank you.
Let's go into the political details and consequences instead of hyperbolic slurs and offenses.
We must insist that you refrain from such terms in the future. Please review our user policies and consider this a final warning. Thank you.
There is no room to comment on social media addiction when one spends time on forums such as this.
Your account has been suspended. You can appeal this action by emailing a Moderator. Thank you and have a nice day.
The foul language should be replaced with more appropriate terms which will allow others to consider your opinion more.
All the name calling does nothing but create hostile converstations and pointless arguments.
The foul language and name calling should be replaced with more appropriate terms.
Please refrain from using derogatory, and offensive language to keep conversation civil.
This hate speech doesn't help make your point here...
Please find less offensive terms to get your point across.
Please use less derogatory language to express your opinions.
It doesn't make sense to judge someone you've never met based on their lifestyle.
Please use less offensive language when describing others.
Just because someone is not as smart as you doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you.
I'm glad someone already said something about the hateful language but I have to reinforce. You're smarter without it.
It is not okay to talk about people this way
There's no reason to be so mean. There are plenty of other ways to talk about immigrants without encouraging hate speech.
This is not an okay way to talk
Yeah, you can definitely do better than using all this slander. It appears you're smart enough to speak better.
Whoa, slow down there, my friend. There's a lot of other good options for insulting people without resorting to horrible slurs.
This is not an okay way to talk about others
Using hate speech for the purpose of using hate speech is so weird to me. I can't stop you, but I don't understand you, either.
There are better forums to speculate about Fred Trump.
I don't know why you see sexuality as inherently insulting.
Attempting to insult someone with an insult regarding foul language directed at sexual orientation is not necessary.
Let's keep sexuality based attacks off of Gab, please.
If this is an effort to be edgy, it's actually really hurtful.
It would be appreciated if we did not use a derogatory term for someones sexual orientation
Yes, here we ban on the second day. Clean it up, user 2.
Perhaps you should consider that it's inappropriate to post about those things in a public space.
Insulting someone for their political views and alleged sexual orientation is inappropriate.
It isn't cool to spam gibberish with slurs.
It's not making you look very good to spew hatred.
Racial slurs do nothing to help make your point, there has to be a way you can express your thoughts differently.
Orientation isn't relevant to this conversation.
I hope you can take a step back and see how your hate has led you to this statement.
I believe that the question of sexual orientation could be worded differently, as the bible says "love thy neighbor"
The term used here is derogatory towards women, and not necessary to use. You should change your language to prevent causing any harm.
Please do not post sexist content.
The term you have used here is offensive to others, including the LGBT+ community. Please refrain from using such harmful language!
Homophobic slurs have no place here.
The term you have used here is derogatory and racist! Racism has no place in any discussion. You need to use a better choice of words!
Please do not promote racism on this board.
The language used here is derogatory, and offensive towards the gay community. Please change your word choice to prevent any harm.
"Ret--ds" and "fa--ot" are not only offensive, but banned.
Please do not post homophobic things on this website.
The language used here is not appropriate and is offensive to the gay community! Please refrain from using this hurtful language.
Use facts to support your argument, not hateful speech
Please do not post racist and islamophobic posts here.
If you are approaching the question from this angle it's hard to believe you're asking in good faith.
Your post is racist and homophobic, please refrain from posting this.
Most likely you should not be taking this much offense.
Sexist language has no place here.
Even if you are upset, I wish you wouldn't use words like that so casually.
There is no point using that language, just support your opinions with facts
Please do not post racial slurs here.
Some people do care a great deal, and you should consider why you don't.
Misogyny ("c--t") and the threat of violence to a three-year-old combine to mark this post as extremely hateful, such venom is banned.
Homophobic hatred, and the uses of "fa--ot" and "b--ch" as pejoratives are patently offensive and should be eliminated.
Someone that likes the same sex is still a person with feelings. They don't deserve to be insulted.
Homophobia ("fa--ots') and racism (the "n word") constitute hate speech and are banned from this forum.
Neo-naziism, bigotry, racism and antisemitism: all hate speech, all banned here. Try and do better.
Homophobic eruptions like this are sufficiently odious to warrant their exclusion from Gab.
File this under banned comments/racism.
There are much better words that should be used to replace the vulgar language.
Using foul language make it difficult for others to understand one's point of view.
The N word and derogatory language towards one's gender is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
Throwing out the re word like you are an adult, neither of you needed to say that word, there are many other non hateful words you can use.
Please limit your use of derogatory speech based on race and sexuality; debate, don't hate.
There is no purpose of using racist junk words like that. You can express yourself and get much more respect if you didn't speak like that.
Using derogatory and offensive racial slurs detracts from the point you were attempting to make.
I am amazed that people still have this attitude about black people, you are no better than them and you racist hate speech is disgusting.
Duck would be interesting though, or maybe goose, always wanted to try goose.
Really since when did a negative term for a race of people become a food group, hope you enjoy eating your own words
Racist language has no place here.
Not all lawyers are crooks.
Your best comeback or response is to mock a person due to their actions but you made no point, no response
Please do not post homophobic slurs on this site.
Either all citizens should carry guns or cops shouldn't.
Nice, put someone down who was at such a low point that they decided to kill themselves.
Do not promote sexism on this website, please.
Glasses are not always a fashion statement.
Your response to an argument made is call someone names, why not develop an opinion about the event or actions taken
Looks like tempers are flaring. Are we able to say things with out the labels ?
This is an extreme escalation and you should think about why you get so angry.
Do we really have to put ourselves in with this gutter language?
There is no need for you to insult all women even if someone is making you upset.
I think we should step back and cal the rhetoric, don't you?
Ideology of this type is what leads to extremism and violence.
Please don't use language that is racist
This sounds too much like young children arguing. Can we try this again?
You are not coming off very well even if you are trying to be insulting.
Don't use derogatory language towards others
Did this do anything to hep your anger with that language?
I don't understand why you are screaming about your point of view.
Overt homophobia ("fa--ot") is constitutive of hate speech and therefore should not be used here.
Using "dyke" to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
"Ret--ds" and "ret--ded" used here offend the mentally disabled and their families.
I get it that you have opinions about public figures and moderators but typing a noxious comment into a website won't change anything.
You should meet someone and judge them on their character before you judge them on their lifestyle.
I think we should respect the opinions of everyone except people who overuse the hashtags and people who are homophobic.
That is not an okay word to use
All caps, bad language, and calls for murder.  I say we rebuild our education system.
This is extremely violent language
You should meet someone before you judge them based on the rumors of others.
Both sides are playing politics with this one.  We need the best people for our courts no matter who they are.
This is not an okay way to talk about people
Just because someone has different opinion doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you.
Gender blending is a fad, but i'm afraid your mentality is here to stay.
This is not an acceptable term to use
Please refrain from use offensive word: retard . Any further use will result from expulsion from this board
Please use your words and refrain from offensive words
Name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems.
Using that kind of language to describe a woman shows a serious lack of respect.
Please refrain from using offensive language
Please refrain from using offensive language when speaking
refrain from using offensive language when addressing users or else removal will take place
It doesn't make since to judge someone you've never even met based on the media.
With all the usage of foul language and name calling it is hard to see the opinion being discussed.
Please do not post sexist language here.
Because antisemetic hate speech, like this,  is a major  cause of wars and suffering in the world, we cannot allow it in this forum.
Please do not post sexist and antisemitic content on this site.
The word "fa--ot," even as used here, is patently offensive to many and should be eliminated.
Homophobic slurs have no place on this site.
Blatant antisemitism and overt homophobia ("fa--ot") are constitutive of hate speech and therefore should not be engaged in here.
Please do not post antisemitic and homophobic content, it has no place here.
Please do not use expressions that denigrate people on the basis of their race or sexuality. Thank you.
Kindly avoid using racist language. Thank you.
Please express your views in a way that does not denigrate people of other religions.
Please avoid racist language and sentiments. They are unacceptable.
Using negative words about races does not add any value to this conversation. I'd like to know more about why you feel the way you do.
Your opinion is fine, but it would be easier to digest if you didn't use hurtful words as part of your argument.
It's OK to disagree with what someone says or is doing without using speech hateful towards a group of people.
No need to respond with hateful language regarding gender.
You should give specific reasons why you don't agree with a candidate instead of hurling insults at them,  it might change people's minds.
Your post uses speech denigrating ethnicity, religious  affiliation and/or sexual orientation in violation of our Com. Guidelines and TOS.
Just because someone has a certain religion or lifestyle, doesn't mean they are a bad person.
Your post uses speech denigrating race/ethnicity in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
It doesn't make sense to judge someone that you don't even know.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and/or ethnicity or religious affiliation in violation of our Community Guidelines/TOS
Name calling a person you've never met is not going to solve anything.
Just because someone has a different opinion doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you.
I hope that you can see how this hate escalates conversations beyond all sense.
It's shocking that this is the response that you have to a very simple statement.
whoa there, racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported
Race and disability should not be used as an insult.  That’s hate speech and detracts from any other argument you are presenting.
You need to educate yourself on the history this slur has in our country.
I hope that you can see how violent this rhetoric is.
Please don't say things like this without understanding the consequences.
The term you have used here is derogatory, and is offensive towards the gay community. You need to use a different choice of words.
Referring to people's ability with certain words is not needed. Please be more empathetic as you never know your audience.
Making fun of handicapped people does not fit well in this conversation User 3.
The term you have used here is derogatory, and offensive towards the gay community. This can be very harmful. You need to be more careful!
Targeting people with words that are slang for sexual orientation is not accepted in today's world and can be swapped for another word.
Even though this is a very controversial topic, sexual preference should not be tolerated against user 1. User 3 you should educate yourself
The term you have used here is derogatory and hateful towards the gay community. This is unacceptable. You need to use better word choices.
Using words that attack gender and sexual orientation is not accepted and you will be looked down upon.
That type of aggression and inconsideration to someone's sexual preference should never be put on paper.
The terms you have used here are racist and derogatory towards women. You can prevent harming others with better word choices.
Attacking race and using words that defile women are not accepted in our society. Choose new words.
Racial hatred makes you seem very uneducated.
The language used here is unacceptable, as it is racist and derogatory towards religious communities. You need to use better word choices.
Racial and religious slurs are never accepted in society. You will end up in more trouble.
Racial hatred makes you seem very uneducated let alone your spelling.
I don't think that you should feel so comfortable using a word like this.
Using a derogatory term against the person you dislike is putting down those with actual mental disabilities.
I want you to see that what you are describing is sexual assault.
It is not helping your position to use the same hateful language as they do.
Just because someone has a different opinion than you doesn't mean they are less intelligent.
Please don't use gendered slurs to casually insult people.
It doesn't make any sense to name call someone you've never even met.
You should try to improve your dialogue by eliminating this kind of insult.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation and/or disability in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Use of the c-word and violent hatred is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults women.
There are ways to get your ideas across without being offensive
Using this term is very offensive and not productive for this debate.
Racism, hate speech, the "n word," and surprisingly loopy genetics combine here to create a truly impressive, though highly bannable, post.
This isn't helping anyone. Don't use these terms
Using the language you are using here isnt productive and is in fact offensive, it has nothing to do with wrestling. Lets keep it civil1
The term "fa--ot" is sufficiently homophobic, hateful and odious to cause banning its author from Slack, unless they are willing to change.
Use your words to express your thought not to offend people
Using offensive terms does not make your argument stronger
The language you used here is offensive and not productive for this debate.
"Ret--ded" and "fag--t", as well as the formulaic hatred in which these terms are embedded, are not only offensive, but banned.
Using these terms isn't going to help anything
Every human being is a person is should be treated with respect and dignity.
Disability and gender are not something anyone should make fun of or demean.
Using words that disparage people with disabilities also makes you look like you would be racist.
There are better things we all could be doing than picking/engaging in fights on the internet.
Just because people are Muslim does not make them Jihadist. Most Muslims are peaceful.
You need to remove that word from your vocabulary, it holds a lot of weight and you are throwing it around like it is nothing.
The term you have used here is offensive towards the disabled community, and this is not tolerated! You need to be more careful.
Your post was a waste of everyone's time that comes across it, you are vile for how you speak, grow up.
The term you have used here is vulgar and can hold offense towards women. You can prevent harm by using a different choice of words.
You don't need to lower yourself to their standards by using disgusting hates speech, it just makes you lower than them.
The language used here is offensive to multiple communities of people, and can be very hurtful. You can prevent this by using better words!
You need to remove that word from your vocabulary, it is not a word to be thrown around like how you are using it.
The term you have used here is offensive to the disabled community, and is very harmful. You need to be more careful with your word choices.
You need to learn how to control your anger, no one is going to take you seriously when you spew hateful garbage like that.
The language used here is offensive towards the LGBT+ community, and is not tolerated. You need to be more careful with your word choices.
I guess you are stating that if it were up to you that you would make her pay. But you are too busy posting foulness on this board to do so.
This isn't even about gender and you're using slurs against women.
it is entirely possible that she does not know. I sympathize, there are many ignorant people in the world.
The discussion can do without racial slurs.
We are being warned about someone who is not what he seems to be, and I thank the poster for warning us.
This debate has zero to do with sexuality, so the homophobic slur has no place here.
i often find that others' posts do not need fixing. I prefer to read them as they were intended, thank you.
You have managed to offend a lot of different people. Just let people read the article themselves.
This is quite old at this point. It is time that we looked to the 2020 race.
No need to offend all women because you dislike one.
I wish that you wouldn't bring homophobia and racism into your vocabulary so casually.
Please understand that you are referring to the greatest tragedy of this century.
I hope you can see that what you are advocating is not only murder but treason.
You need to find another focus for your energy rather than to spend so much hating a woman.
Hateful language regarding sexual orientation and gender is unwarranted and unintelligent.
"Ret--d" and "fa--ot" both show insensitivity and a lack of respect, they are beneath the level of discourse required here.
I don't think you even notice that you are using this language, but it's hurtful to a lot of people.
Totally unnecessary to use hateful language regarding people with disability to express opinion.
I don't think that you are going to be able to positively inspire people by using this kind of language.
Hateful language regarding gender is unwarranted and nonsensical.
I wonder where you got your information and whether you are just trying to confirm what you already think.
Hateful language regarding women is unnecessary and primitive.
I don't know why you would ever think of this as a positive term.
Hateful language regarding people with a disability and race is unwarranted and nonsensical.
Rampant antisemitism and disabled bashing here comprise hate speech, please be so kind as to nip this in the bud.
If you stepped outside of this bubble you would find that it's definitely not something people agree with.
I don't know where you think you are getting this kind of information.
Using offensive terms is going to get us nowhere
Even if you dislike her, there is no reason to use such extreme language.
Using a word like this makes your argument weaker
Even if you are just quoting, you should be more careful using a word like that.
Using offensive terms is not going to do anything for you
Considering the conversation at hand, you would think that you would want to be more careful with those slurs.
Name calling will not help you any
Your fear of Muslim people is causing you to believe things that confirm your bias.
Using these terms is only going to create a toxic society
No one should be grouped by race, for instance I wouldn't want to be grouped with your hate if we were the same race.
Maybe we shouldn't pass judgement on a scenario we aren't a part of and instead show people love.
Making fun of a woman by calling her that term has no place in society.
Even when someone does something terrible, we don't need to talk this way it's why we have a legal system because it's not our call.
Derogatory words about a woman's body are ignorant. Educate yourself.
Your statement would be credible if it were anything but cussing and name calling.
I don't think it is necessary to bring that kind of language to this conversation as there is nothing wrong with being gay.
Using this word is not acceptable
Use of the r-word and other slurs is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults people with mental disabilities.
The use of that term to refer to a woman is not acceptable.
None of this is okay, and nobody has ever said that it was.
It isn't appropriate to comment such words.
Please do not use homophobic terms.
I hope that you can see how your bigotry is depriving you of things that you could be enjoying.
It is very inappropriate to be racists toward people you don't know.
Even if you don't agree with him you don't need to react so violently.
Saying rude comments about someone is inappropriate.
Please avoid using homophobic language in your comments.
You don't need to think of gay people as predatory or your enemies.
It isn't right to comment such words about someone's sexuality.
I hope that you can see that you are celebrating the horrible death of a real person.
Somethings are best kept to yourself.
The language used here is derogatory and offensive towards women, and is unacceptable. You need to change your words to prevent harm.
People of all races, religions, and gender identities have varying opinions on gun control. Try and focus on the argument itself instead.
Hey there, xenophobic and sexist slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
I understand you are expressing your anger, but this term is derogatory towards women. You need to be more careful with your word choice.
The professor's statement is abhorrent, but there's no reason to attack her gender.
The term you have used is offensive towards the gay community, and is used as slander in this context. Please use a better choice of words.
Political ideology ought to be argued on the merits of one's position, attacking sexual orientation isn't called for.
The term you have used here is a form of racism, and has no place in any context. You need to refrain from using this term; it is harmful.
A call to arms, especially based on race or political ideology is uncalled for. Instead vote in school board elections to change policy.
Whoa there, racist and sexist views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported. Thanks
The term you have used is derogatory towards women, and not necessary to use. You need to use less hateful language.
Religious beliefs are deeply personal and do not warrant hate and violence. People should be free to practice wherever they are.
I don't understand how this is at all relevant. Could you rephrase your point into an idea that is more pertinent?
Sometimes even when people are virtue signaling they are still right.
Wow. Do you really need to use that language? One might question your literacy...
Regardless of whether or not this is true your description is incredibly inappropriate. Can you rephrase this into a more constructive idea?
I'll have to politely say that if she can run forever that would be a good thing.
Who is gonna refuel you when you run out of mindless insults against people you don't even know?
There has to be a better way to say this. Opinions and context aside, this phrasing is never helpful or appropriate.
Free speech is not determined by whether or not you agree with it.
I totally agree with you, but have some decency. These people need to be spoken to as if they matter too...
Although I agree with your thoughts on Facebook, using hateful words such as those you mentioned is never conducive to positive change.
Dude, I promise Facebook isn't stalking you. You aren't interesting enough.
Nothing about this makes sense; neither the context nor the hateful words used. Please share your thoughts in a way that is intelligible.
It is good to get into things.
Please grow up. People stopped using that word like that a few decades ago.
Your use of the n word betrays the fact that your statement is biased. This "malformation" is relative to your bigotry.
The term you use is demeaning, unintelligent, and reaks of bigotry.
It is insensitive to you that word, especially pejoratively.
Name calling does nothing to make a valid point it only creates pointless arguments.
If you want your points to be taken seriously you should not use slurs like this.
I think slurs often make people reluctant to listen. Instead of using racist language try speaking in a way that makes people want to hear.
You should not be so proud of driving people away with hatred.
I disagree. I think civility is important to letting your voice heard and not get lost in the shouting. Maybe try removing the slur and see.
I hope you can see that you are promoting violence against someone who is already a victim.
It's okay to be skeptical of someones story, but using aggressive, sexist language only serves to prove certain groups right.
Please don't use nasty language like this without thinking about the consequences.
Please don't treat trans people as if they are inherently obscene.
No need to use such offensive language.
Can we treat each other like adults and not like children?
Anti-semitic hate speech and use of the word "k-ke" are not allowed on Gab; please avoid them in your writing.
That is offensive. You can use better language.
This post spews blatant racism and contain the "n word"; neither is permitted here.
Just because you don't like her doesn't mean that you need to call her names.
Please don't use this for a racist rant. That is not what this site is for.
Your post has no point. Please don't use hate language here.
Don't be mean AND hate post. That is completely uncalled for. You didn't even make a point in your rant.
Please don't use such language, especially when talking about children.
The R word is highly offensive.  All ethnicities and social groups deserve tolerance.  Spread the word to end the word!
You don't even know what you are talking about, you speak like a vile human being it's time to look at your crummy life and revaluate.
I don't think it's okay for you to talk about a woman being hurt like this.
There was no need to throw in vile hate speech, just because you dispise hillary doesn't mean you should speak that way about wemon.
What you are suggesting is actually murder, as well as racism.
You are a very racist and vile human being, your mother should be sorry for raising you.
I think it would make you feel better to dig into concrete community solutions.
Someone might actually take your comments seriously if you didn't throw in disgusting hate speech.
I think that you should also be more cautious when considering military action.
Someone using speech like this is just as bad as someone going off on another race, this is not ok either.
Please give your opinions without the aggressive talk.
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to accomplish anything.
The name is Cater, no need to be rude.
Tell people how you feel without the abusive speech please.
Have you googled that statement? Because it sounds wrong.
Just because someone has a learn disability doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of.
They have a right to choose, just like you do, don't be rude.
Take out the remarks that are devastating to others' feelings.
How do you think people feel being around you?
Please get the horrible remarks out of your opinions and employ ones that aren't so damaging to others.
Kick them all out!
No need to use hateful language regarding people with disability to respond to post.
You are feeling threatened because you feel like you're losing your place in the world.
These words a offensive on many levels and make you  both sound uneducated. You need to educate yourself instead of being hurtful.
Hateful language regarding sexual orientation is unwarranted and not humorous.
Perhaps you can see that saying such horrible things really brings down the tone of conversation.
Making fun of a person's nationality and sexual preference doesn't look good on you two. Educate yourself.
Hateful language regarding sexual orientation is unnecessary and nonsensical.
I can't believe that this is your response to being called a Nazi.
No need to use hateful language regarding women in post.
Hateful language regarding gender is unwarranted and primitive.
This seems like a totally random attack with no purpose.
This language is insane and inappropriate. You need to stop.
This conversation is about Boomers and other generations. Let's keep racial and homophobic slurs out of it.
This conversation is something else, but please watch your language.
Watch your language. This is not related to the post and inappropriate.
Let's keep homophobic slurs out of this, please.
Watch the language. This is not appropriate.
Homophobic posts aren't funny.
Look, this language is disgusting and inappropriate. Try to refrain, please.
Homophobic slurs aren't a productive way to post.
You are making generalizations that are not true about most black people.
The language used here exemplifies racism, and is derogatory. This is not tolerated! You can prevent harm by using a better word choice.
Instead of using a word like that why not just say that they are incorrect of stupid.
The term used here is offensive towards the disabled community, and should not be used in this context. You need to use better word choices!
The irony of using a word like that is that it also makes you look stupid.
The term used here is offensive to the disabled community, and should not be used in this context. You need to use less harmful words.
Your post uses speech that denigrates ethnicity and/or religious affiliation and/or sexual orientation in violation of Com. Guidelines/TOS.
If you want to stand up to antisemitism, you should refrain from insulting other groups.
I understand you are expressing anger, but the term you have used is derogatory towards the gay community. Please use better word choices!
Instead of saying something offensive, you should just call them ignorant or dumb.
The term you have used here is offensive towards the disabled community! You should use better word choice to prevent from harming others.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or ethnicity, and/or race in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race, ethnicity and/or religious affiliation in violation of our Com. Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
Your post uses speech denigrating ethnicity and/or race in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
Language attacking sexual orientation and women is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
Making fun of a woman and handicapped people have no place in society.
Making fun of a person's religion doesn't look good on you. Educate yourself.
Hi There, racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported
Hateful speak on nation origin and a mental disability really looks bad on you folks. Educate yourself!
whoa there, xenophobic and derogatory slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Racial slurs make you seem uneducated
Stereotypes of people as a whole are not true and those races and religious preferences are more diverse than you know. Educate yourself.
Making fun of handicapped people makes yourself look uneducated.
Your language usage is not appropriate for this website. Please act better. Thanks
It's upsetting that you can't even be supportive of black people who are on your side.
Talking down on someone based on their race shows others who you are as a person.
Please do not use hate speech on this site. Thank you.
I can see that this is the source of your fears and you should examine whether it's possible.
Please use better language.Thank you
There is no need to use language like this about someone you simply dislike.
Using such foul language to describe a woman shows a lack of respect.
This is a violation. Please use better language. Thank you.
Someone is providing you with credible information and you should listen to them.
Foul language doesn't make one's point more valid.
Someone should offer the poor man some counseling.
Please don't use people's identities as interchangeable with what you don't like.
Hey man just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean you have to say something like that
I had no idea guns were illegal in Australia no wonder Crocodile Dundee had a big knife.
We have several coequal branches of government, and that's a good thing.
She is a lady if you agree with her or not you shouldnt just insult someone
I only thought there was one immigration office, we will need one for the space people soon.
I wish that you could get this worked up about suffering that doesn't validate your racism.
Talk like this only brings us all down as a whole. We should talk things out but not by resorting to name calling.
I am glad I didn't become a journalist like I was contemplating.
You are using a lot of different slurs all at the same time and for no seeming purpose.
He is just a media personality give him a break
Freedom to gather peacefully and free speech are what make us a great nation.
I hope that you're not advocating actual violence against these people.
They are using their free speech to voice their opinion.
The unfortunate term "wetback" directs hatred based on national origin, which is hate speech, and so is not permitted here.
"Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please avoid it.
You need to grow up and learn how to speak like an adult, No one cares what you have to say because you throw out hate speech.
Homophobia and misogyny both show insensitivity and a lack of respect, they are beneath the level of discourse required here.
You need to learn how to speak without using the disrespectful re word, you would actually be taken seriously if you used something else.
You need to learn how to talk without using hatespeech and throwing around such a powerful word.
"Ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please avoid it.
These are strange insults about women that seem to be drawn from your personal life.
Please be more caring to others and take out the hate talk.
It's not funny to use slurs like this to try to insult people.
Express your opinions in a manner that doesn't offend so much please.
If you had disabled people close to you I don't think you would use words like this.
Please state how you feel without damaging others feelings.
I don't know why you expect insulting people is going to change their mind.
Get rid of the deplorable comments and use more favorable language please.
While you might against that individual's opinion, you can also refrain from using language hurtful to people with intellectual disabilities
I think retard may be too strong a term.
This comment encourages violence and rape. There is a more insightful way to show your disapproval.
Whether you agree with Islam or not, I don't think that response is necessary.
Language included is extremely anti-Semitic and hurtful. Asking a bakery to make a wedding cake is not the same as the other suggestion.
I don't see how using language like that makes the world better.
Please refrain from this language, as it is damaging to individuals with intellectual disabilities and their families.
Maybe you should think about how your language effects others.
The particular slur used by effect damages individuals with intellectual disabilities.
Don't think 'retarded' is necessary here.
While I enjoy your enthusiasum for screwing over scammers, you don't need to call someone a racist hateful name, grow up.
You need to learn to speak without using hate speech, people would actually respect you instead of cringing.
Hi, offensive and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thanks
You need to work on not being such a vile human and spewing up such hate speech, no one will ever take you serioulsy speaking that way.
You need to stop using that word, it is a vile and overly used word that has a lot of weight and you just throw it around like it is nothing
Abolish the crude commentary, and utilize more gracious speech.
Freddie Mercury was a musical treasure. His sexual orientation should be out of bounds as it's not relevant to his musical ability.
Engage in more edifying and less hateful speech please.
Name calling only brings down political discussions. If you're candidate is winning, celebrate instead of attacking others.
Please consider that others are offended by the hurtful words and change your language.
Unfortunately there are homeless people from all walks of life but it's not because others have homes. Some of those vets are Muslim too.
Language attacking religious background is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
Please discuss your opinions in a way that is sensitive to others.
Surely we can disagree without putting down an entire race of people. There are plenty of people of all races who don't like the President.
The N word and derogatory terms for one's race is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
Please discard the rancid commentary toward others and use more affable language.
Not everyone who dislikes Trump is a Muslim and there's no need for such name calling in a civilized society.
Derogatory language regarding race is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
Please do not use hate speech and inappropriate language. Thank you.
You don't need to throw in hateful racist comments, it is completely uncalled for and you don't need to speak that way to get to your point.
Be careful when talking about someone else like that
Please refrain from using hate speech on this site. Thank you.
You have a very hateful and vile veiw on life, I feel sorry for anyone that actually knows you.
Try to avoid racial slurs as they can be quite mean to those of color
Please use better language. Thank you.
You need to remove that word from your vocabulary, that are many other words that can get your point across that aren't as disrespectful.
You should try to avoid using the word retard as it is offensive to those that are slow
Please do not use foul language it violates our rules. Thanks
You need to take a time out and come back when you can speak like a grown up...go now.
Please use better language. Thanks
Someone might take your comment seriously if you didn't spew out words like the re word, you need to remove that word from your vocabulary.
You should try not to use words that offend such groups of people as they can be too offensive.
Disabled-bashing ("ret--ded") and antisemitism mark these posts as a violation of Gab's rules, please follow if you want to stay here.
It makes more sense to judge each person on their character rather than their race or religion.
The hateful apparition of a "ni--er plague" is racist, and racism is not permitted here.
Racist use of the "n word" is hate speech. Hate speech must be excluded--it's in the rules that we all must follow here!
It doesn't make sense to name call somebody you don't really know and have never met.
Anti-Islamic bigotry is hate speech, and hate speech is not allowed on Gab. Thus, you should desist or face banishment.
They are people too, there is no need to use racial slurs, it just makes you an ignorant creep.
I hate people who use words without actually thinking of their actual meaning. You need to take the re word out of your vocabulary already.
Fighting hate speech with hate speech isn't going to help anyone.
You have a very bad attitude about all of this, watch your language, you are in fact wrong about the Jew thing it is a race, grow up.
That was a vile thing to say, your mother needs to wash your mouth out with soap.
That was uncalled for, I would slap you if you were my child for speaking like that about someone.
Please avoid expressing racist and homophobic sentiments.
Sexual preference and nationality hatred have no need in this conversation. You need to educate yourself.
Please do not use homophobic or sexist language.
Making fun of homosexuality is very small and ignorant. You need to be educated.
really odd that you waste you time like this, find something else more productive to do
Referring to someone as "it" and calling them an insecure cunt, seems like you might be the insecure one, make a statement
all too complicated to help here, but all are wrong and can leave it out this chat
I will never understand why you have to put people down to make a point, or state your opinion
i can see why you were, shame they havent on here yet. perhaps stop posting so they dont
The point you were trying to make is lost by calling someone you don't know a name that only proves you are prejudice
Today's assignment is to learn to use another word besides "faggot"
I don't think that this is very Christlike behavior that you are demonstrating.
Demeaning language and threats of violence are unacceptable.
If you were to say this in real life you could be arrested.
Your homophobic issues don't belong here.
This escalated really quickly and you should examine why this has made you so angry.
Chill. Attack the topic not the other participants.
Please don't use words like this as they harm totally unrelated people.
Slurs aren't contributions and it brings the discussion down making everyone in here look ignorant for putting up with them.
I hope that you have a chance to meet more Mexican people and get to know them.
There are plenty of other terms you could use besides that.
That kind of talk just gives her more ammunition.
That doesn't make your point look reasonable at all.
How about we look for a way to frame this situation that isn't so crass.
Please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabilities and women.
I think you should consider an alternative word to express your feelings, since your choice of word is incredibly offensive.
Please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabilities or homophobic language.
Words can be hurtful, and your choice of word is no exception. Please keep this in mind the next time you feel the urge to use it!
I encourage you to look up the history of that word in order to understand why it is unacceptable to use it.
Please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabilities or religious slurs.
I find your language very concerning. ALL groups of human beings should be treated as equals.
Your word choice is concerning. If I were you, I'd consider choosing a different word to express what you're feeling.
All of the foul language and name calling used shows a lack of respect for others and makes no valid point.
Talking down on someone because of their race speaks volumes about one's character.
Please do not use demeaning expressions like that about people's race or sexuality.
Hey There, homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thank you
Please avoid expressions that denigrate others on the basis of religion, ethnic origin or sexuality.
Hi there, xenophobic and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments
Please do not use racist and homophobic language.
Whoa, xenophobic and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thanks
Please avoid expressions that denigrate people on the basis of their ethnic origin.
Please do not use racist or sexist language.
Racist speech is not acceptable here. Please moderate your language.
Use of the n-word and hateful slurs here is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults blacks.
Please do not use expressions that denigrate children with learning difficulties.
Please avoid homophobic language. It is not acceptable.
The terms used here are offensive towards the disabled community and the gay community. You can prevent harm by not using such language.
You should try to be tolerant of people's beliefs without resorting to insults.
Hey, derogatory and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
The language used here is not acceptable, as it is harmful towards the disabled community and women. You need to use a better word choice.
You should not make your belief system a way to wish ill on people.
The term used here is offensive towards the disabled community, and not tolerated here. You need to refrain from using hateful language.
Using words like this doesn't make you look better or more edgy.
The term used here is derogatory towards women, and should not be used in any concept. You can prevent harm by not using hateful words.
Please consider the women in your life before you use a slur like that.
The term used here is unacceptable, and offensive towards the disabled community. You need to prevent harm by not using this hateful term.
Your focus should be on the people who have been hurt.
Whoa there,  derogatory views are hurtful and demeaning. Please be considerate of others when posting. Thank you
Name calling and harsh language does nothing but start pointless arguments.
I must humbly disagree with you. I feel that music is in the eye of the beholder.
It does not matter if we are all of the human race. We need to change out perspective.
Hateful language regarding race is unwarranted and primitive.
I feel that you might be being a bit extreme. Maybe rethink your position.
Derogatory terms attacking a religion are unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
Hateful language regarding religion is unwarranted and not humorous.
Some Islamic people are extreme, however that does not mean they all are. Try to view everyone as human please.
The N word and language attacking religion is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
I try not to group people together as a whole. People make mistakes.
Derogatory terms referring to women are unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
Hateful language regarding women is unnecessary and unintelligent.
Totally unwarranted to use hateful language about women to express your opinion on this issue.
I don't know if you're joking, but what you are talking about is violence.
No reason to use hateful speech about people with a disability in your post.
Please don't bring disabled people into this only as an insult.
Totally unwarranted to use hateful speech regarding disabled people in your post.
This is not nearly good enough of an excuse to use a slur like that.
Totally unnecessary to use hateful speech about women in posting your response.
Perhaps you should examine why most normal people would not tolerate this.
Use of hate speech regarding race is unwarranted and not funny.
I wish you were not looking for ways to be so unpleasant to other Americans.
The degree of antisemitism (eg "k--e") and homophobia (eg "fa--ot") on display here mark these comments hate speech subject to being banned.
Racism is sufficiently odious to cause this emission of it, and the n-word,  to be banned here.
This warrantless spew of misogyny, and its use of "b--ch" and "c--t," will result in its excision from Gab.
Racial slurs are in no way a meaningful point of criticism. There is no purpose to you saying such a thing without the intent to cause harm.
I recommend you put yourself to a higher standard than casually throwing racist slurs around, unlike the person in the video.
I don't think sexuality is reflected in your choice of bicycle. Was the use of such insults necessary in the first place?
Lesbian is enough to describe Ellen. Keep it respectful.
Was it absolutely necessary to call him those words? What does such vulgarity add to this conversation other than an atmosphere of hate?
Please keep your reactions to ones that are objective and not demeaning.
I don't see why you jump so quickly to this homophobic equivalency.
Using foul language and name calling does nothing more than start pointless arguments.
Please discard the offensive talk and use words that are more attentive to peoples' feelings.
You can't deny that you are racist and then use racist stereotypes in the same breath.
Please take out the abrasive comments and show more care in your expressions.
This equivalency is only making you feel better about acting badly towards people.
Please discuss your thoughts without using nasty remarks.
This is not a very good way to speak to another person.
Name calling speaks volumes about one's personality.
Please show more care in your treatment of others by removing the harmful language.
I wish that you wouldn't share things that spread this kind of message.
Name calling speaks volumes to one's character.
Calling someone a name just because of their race speaks volumes about one's character.
Using foul language to describe someone shows a serious lack of respect.
It doesn't make sense to insult someone that you haven't even met based on what the media says.
Calling out a woman in a explicit manor is not appropriate in today's society
Perhaps she was trying to avoid the attention of everyone who didn't believe her, like you.
That type of language is racist and should not be spoken
This comment provokes gendered violence. If a person speaks negatively about you, there is no excuse to insinuate or perpetuate violence.
You need to educate yourself more, this is not the 19th century and that type of hatred is hurtful.
This insult does not refer to anyone in particular and has no rhetorical argument,.
Making fun of a handicap poses stupidity for yourself. Educate yourself
Talking about sexual preference in a hateful manner makes you ignorant.
Please do not use racial slurs and derogatory language for intellectual disabilities.
All black people are not retarded or so bad.  There are some good like there is good and bad in whites too.
Please do not use racial and ethic slurs or derogatory religious language.
We should not judge people according to their race.
All Muslims are not bad people.
Please do not use homophobic derogatory language.
No matter what or who someone is it is their choice.  We should not judge them for being who they choose to be.
You have managed to offend both women and immigrants in one sentence.
Antisemitic and racist hate speech exhibited here are not permitted on slack, please avoid them.
The article is obnoxious, but so are the racial slurs.
Disabled-bashing and virulent anti-semitism combine here with sufficient loathsomeness to cause their creator to be cautioned, even banned.
This post is really offensive though it could be a good discussion without all of the slurs.
Anti-Islamic and homophobic hatred do mark this post as decidedly repugnant, and so we must ask you to please desist from such hate speech.
The terms you used are offensive to a lot of people and do nothing to add to your argument.
"Fa--ot" is offensive, hateful and should be avoided in this forum.
Sexuality has nothing to do with your argument.
The C word and language attacking ethnicity is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
Profanity and using words that defile women are not popular opinion. Also, racist terms used towards people are never wise.
Using racist language towards people is never accepted. It is better to find more likable terms.
Language attacking a religion and the mentally challenged is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
Defiling people's intelligence is not the way. Also speaking of religion is not politically correct.
It is not wise to refer to one's sexual orientation. Please try to abstain from demoralizing people and using profanity.
Stop using these terms it doesn't help your argument
Canada is actually a wonderful country with friendly people.
Using that terms does nothing good
Haha you two made a good joke. That other comment is not acceptable though.
This term isn't funny
Don't use these word. They hurt people
People are just not going to take you seriously if you are racist to black people.
These terms only breed more hate
If you don't use that kind of language people will take you seriously and your political goals might actually happen.
You can have different tastes in music with someone without insulting their entire country or people's sexual orientation.
Your language is inappropriate, and being gay is not synonymous with being "bad."
You're trying to insult Juan Williams, but in the process you've insulted mentally challenged people everywhere.
It's 2019. It goes without saying that using the N-word is not acceptable.
Language attacking sexual orientation and religious background is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
We respect all lifestyles and the people who live them. Your language is inappropriate and unacceptable.
Making fun of a woman and making homophobic hatred slurs has no place in society. You need to educate yourself.
Each person is different. It makes more sense to judge a person by their character rather than their race.
Just refer to the musical group by their abbreviation.
Don't stereotype that looting happens by certain races/ethnicity.
It is better to judge someone based on their character rather than their race or lifestyle.
You're point can be conveyed without the use of such language.
Using a derogatory term against the people you dislike is insulted to those with actual mental disabilities.
Using racial slurs adds nothing to the conversation. Be respectful towards others that are reading your comments.
You should try to be more open to points of view that are not your own.
There's less hurtful ways to refer to women. Use of such words can be construed as hateful, keep this in mind for the future.
I think you should do some research on the underlying causes instead of blaming racial animus.
Slurs are not OK - use of such marginalizes those who are mentally disabled and of other faiths. Please keep respect in your writing.
Please make more of an effort to understand the objections that are being stated rather.
Use of such language is not tolerated on this community, please think about how others would interpret your choice of words.
I wish that you could find it in your heart to be more welcoming to people of other races.
The use of such language is disrespectful to the mentally disabled. Do not let your poor judgement cause you to use such poor choice of word
If you are not upset, then you should feel no need to resort to these slurs.
Hateful language regarding race is unnecessary and not funny.
whoa there, xenophobic and racist slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Hateful language regarding sexual orientation is unwarranted and unimpressive.
Hateful language regarding a religion is unnecessary and nonsensical.
Totally unwarranted to insult people with disability to express opinion.
Hateful language regarding someone's religion is unwarranted and unintelligent.
Every person is different. It is better to judge someone on their character, instead of a religious stereotype.
You really need to learn to use a different word than that, it is not an acceptable term anymore.
You'll attract more people to your post if you leave out words that discriminate those with mental disabilities.
Regardless of hoeyou feel I'm sure it isn't that serious. Im pretty sure the definition of the word doesn't match the context.
Your attitude is dispicable, you should be ashamed of yourself as a human being.
Adding pejorative language might cause people to skip over your comments.
Let's act like adults, children do this kind of thing.
You can have a conversation without using such hate speech, maybe someone would actually listen to you then.
If you want to attract people to your point of view try to use less divisive language.
I could have done without that joke, it seems slightly immature.
That was a vile thing to say, I can't take someone seriously that would have such thoughts as that.
Using sexual references will turn off a lot of people that might otherwise be interested in what you have to say.
You are just like every other looser on here spouting their mouth and using foul language, you need to learn to speak like an adult.
If you want to start a rational dialogue, be mindful of those with mental issues and you'll get more responses.
remove the word and your point can still be made
There are a lot of things you could say that doesn't include vile hate speech like what you used, think harder next time.
the offensive words need to be removed and are not allowed
There is so much hate on this board, nothing gets accomplished using hate speech, think about it more next time before posting such garbage.
the words are not premitted and your point can be made without them
You spewed a bunch of nasty nonsense, people would take you more seriously if you didn't talk like that.
the words can be removed and a point still be made
You are a hateful vile person for saying such nasty hateful things, your mother needs to wash your mouth out with soap.
the word needs to be removed and the sentence be rewritten
There is no purpose to throwing out such hate speech, you should be ashamed of yourself, grow up.
please use your preferred colorful language in the privacy of your own home and not in public settings for all to see
Fowl language is not acceptable and will not be tolerated on this board. Please voice your opinion without such language
It is extremely important to be politically correct these days and avoid using racist or gender targeting words.
Tips are based on service, maybe you did not perform a good service
Please use your words instead of fowl language to make your point or else removal from this board will take place
It is very wrong to be racist and it is not accepted in public. Please refrain from expresses your personal views around other people.
Please understand every life matters, you wouldn't want to be placed in that position.
Stop using language that is offensive to the female gender.
hate breeds hate. unwillingness to see another person POV breeds senseles misunderstanding. how about we have a discussion without the slurs
Please play nice or else removal will have to take place. Use kind words, not hateful words.
Stop using words that are offensive to sexual orientation. It is not politically correct in today's age.
It is an inspirational comment meant to encourage, if you do not like it, please move along
Please don't use hateful words, please use your words or else removal will take place
Using words that offend certain sexual orientations are not socially acceptable and should never be used in any context.
I agree he wasn't the best President and he left a mess behind him. But the name calling isn't respectful.
Obama actually was elected to office with very high expectations. This is why there was a lot of disillusionment after his first year.
Everything boils down to race because of conversations like this. Stop making it about race.
Everything is not about race, some even argue that race is just a conceptual construct and doesn't exist the way we think it does.
Threatening a President isn't very smart and really is disrespectful.
I agree with what you're saying, but tone it down and maybe more people will too.
Both sides do opposition research like this.
The last time I checked we are all free. Stop the racism and love more.
All people want to be free.
Your opinion would come across better if you didn't use the slang terminology for the groups you are referencing.
You should not look to confirm your biases about people that you hate.
When you wrote "Joooooos" I thought you were referring to "Juice," as in OJ Simpson. Conventional spelling is best.
You could prove your point better if you don't use hateful speech in your argument, it would be more easily supported by not generalizing.
You should do more research about the colonialism in Africa.
Confusing, because "infestation" suggests non-mammalian organisms.
Using words like the one's you chose will make it difficult for people to want to be on your side.
I can't believe that this would be your response to anything or you think that it would have an effect.
Maybe you've had experience switching your gayness on and off (you COULD be bisexual) but for most people, sexuality is not a choice.
What you said really doesn't add anything of value to the conversation.
I wish that you would not speak this way about someone who is dead.
"Dead Faggot" sounds like the name of a '70s punk band.
It is difficult to follow this conversation with all of the slang used. It would be better understood by dropping the hateful words.
If you would like people to consider you intelligent, you could start by removing slurs from your vocabulary.
I'm trying to envision a gay person carrying an over-flowing plate of spaghetti.
Our other users do not appreciate offensive usage of language. Thank you.
That is not a correct way to define someones sexuality
Please refrain from inappropriate language. Thank you.
Gender or religion are categories that shouldn’t be the basis of an insult or disparagement. It’s a lazy flex.
A persons name or religion does not define their motivations
This sort of speech is not prohibited here. Thank you.
words such as those are no longer acceptable in society
Please use better language next time. Thank you.
That is an inorrect way to speak about someone
Please dont use bad language here. Thank you.
That is not how to respond to someones ideas
Using this language and writing in caps lock is offensive and hurtful, please refrain.
You clearly need to be more educated if you believe that. Please go back to school.
Using this kind of language is hurtful and offensive, please refrain.
Gay women prefer to be called Lesbians, so please use that language when speaking about them.
Please do not use derogatory homophobic slurs or anti-Semitic rhetoric.
Please refrain from using this language and for attacking others.
The language you are using makes no sense, and it hurtful to many people, so be intelligent and chose a different word.
Using this kind of language is not tolerated here, it is hurtful. Please refrain.
White supremacy is not cool. Please educate yourselves on other cultures.
Please do not use derogatory racial slurs or white supremacist rhetoric.
Using this language is not tolerated; it is hurtful and offensive, please refrain.
If you don't personally know someone, you can't judge them for their religion. It makes you seem ignorant.
Please do not use racial slurs and mental impairments as a form of hate when responding.
Using that word immediately invalidates your point.
Cmon guys! There is no need to be rude or racist. Maybe you are the ones with issues?
Please do not use hateful homophobic slurs against sexual identity and orientation when responding to others.
I understand your anger, but your point would be better made if you didn't use that word.
There is no need to be mean to transsexuals. When have you ever spoken with one? If you knew their struggles, maybe you wouldn't be so harsh
Do not use racial slurs when responding to posts.
Using that kind of language does a disservice to your argument.
Someone died! Why do you have to be mean to someone who suffered horribly? What if someone said something nasty about you if you died?
Avoid using hateful terms regarding religious affiliation and mental disability when responding to others.
I'd be much more open to discussing this with you if you didn't use that word.
Why is everyone so hateful of Jews? They are a great people who have offered much to the world. There is no conspiracy behind them!
Do not use hateful racial slurs when responding to posts.
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your intelligence.
Wow, why are you so angry and violent towards those different to you? Doesn't it seem like a lot of baggage to carry around?
your so cool for using bad words
There are better ways to get your point across than using words that are derogatory to someone's sexual orientation
It is unfair to use a person's sexual orientation to insult them.
you don't have to work hard to look ridiculous
Please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive
Please refrain from using a word historically used to degrade people with disabilities.
I know six ways to call you a bad person
Consider using different language in the future that does not undermine your points with hatred
Your foul language and derogatory racial slurs are disgusting, and rude.
such an angry lad
Referring to others with derogatory language undermines your points, consider different language in the future
You can get your point across without degrading people in the lgbt community.
We don't have to fling mud to get our points across here, lets just use normal people words.
mind your language and you can argue if you do not agree with me
This was unnecessary, but if it makes you feel better to say it, then power to you.
you don't have to be judgemental about others.
We could have made the point without using slurs here, if its unnecessary its just petty to add it on.
Right wingers shouldn't attack other right wingers because of tiny differences in beliefs. We can be civil.
you are not allowed to call some one with their sexual orientation
If someone is going to insult you, the best way to respond isn't to return the favor.
don't use such language if you do not agree with something let them clearly what you mean in appropriate way
I think conversations would go better for everyone if we managed to calm down and drop hostile language and slurs.
I'd be inclined to agree with you, if you didn't use that slur.
I see nothing wrong with disliking someone but I think more people would listen to you if you didn't use such hostile language.
I understand your point but I can't agree with you when you use that word.
There was no need to use that language to make your point, and it just makes you look prejudiced.
Using a gay slur makes it seem like you couldn't come up with something more creative to see. I'm sure you could do better without slurs.
When you use those kinds of words it reflects poorly on your character.
Using words that are considered hate speech and discriminatory does not make you cool or look intelligent. It just makes you look hateful.
I don't understand how throwing that slur around is funny. Maybe if you'd explain the joke to me you'd see why I don't get it.
When you use that word it really makes it hard to understand your argument.
It's okay to dislike someone but using sexist language doesn't change anything.
You should not say anything if this is the language you choose.
I don't know what you are getting out of using a word like that.
The "n word"" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary. Thank you for your help in keeping hate away.
It is okay to have your opinion but you look worse then them with the words you have chosen.
You are not helping your cause by adopting the same language they do.
"Ret---ed" as used here is offensive to the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
It is okay not to agree and not like someone's political views but today you sound worse then the administration.
Neither of you are going to get anywhere with this conversation when you are using this language.
Please use better words when describing someone
Please refrain from using derogatory terms for the mentally handicapped and females.
You should not be so rude
That is simply just inappropriate.
Please be respectful when talking about someone.
I cannot continue this discussion if you keep using that language.
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity, mental disability or religion do not promote understanding.
Just because someone is different than you, doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of.
Your argument would be easier to digest if you didn't use slurs.
Using words to attack someone's gender identity or mental disability don't contribute to understanding.
Just because someone likes the same sex, doesn't mean they are less than you.
When you use that word it immediately invalidates your argument.
Words that derogatorily reference someone's religion do not show care or promote understanding.
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your intellect.
I don't think using words to demean a person because of their faith are careful in conversation.
Just because someone is a different religion, doesn't mean they are less than you.
I understand that point you want to make but it's lost on me when you use slurs.
You would be so much better off not saying anything because your words insinuate hate.
Hey now, there's no need for that.  Let's all calm down and have a civil discussion.
Hey, guys, can we please not use that kind of language.
It would be better to just walk away instead of starting to call each other names.
There's no reason to use such language guys.  There are better ways to discuss this without resorting to insults.
It would be better to call the person black or a person of color instead.
Please don't use language like that.
Just because you do not like someone is no reason to call them names.
I know you're upset and this is a heated debate, but let's not use insults like that please.
Using racial insults and hate speech does not prove your point, and makes you look uneducated and hateful.
Whoa! Flagrant racism is NOT it chief!
Racism and the "n word" are terms of hate; and hate speech is forbidden here. Please make your point without them. Thanks!
Your hate speech is irrelevant in this discussion, and completely unnecessary. It makes you look foolish and uneducated.
Whoa, if you're going to share opinions about a place you don't live, at least leave out the racism!
Your need to include hate speech in your reply makes you look uneducated and discriminatory.
Wow, being homophobic is not going to win anyone to your cause!
"Fa--ot” is an offensive term and must be avoided.
The use of words such as that is not acceptable
Thats really racist and unfair, stop it with those comments.
words such as those are unacceptable in todays society.
You can express your point of view, thats ok, but whats not ok is using the word faggot so please stop.
Just because someone likes the same sex, doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of.
Yous should use better words to describe someone
Your language is innapropiate, the LGTB community deserves respect.
Please use your language better when saying things from behind a keyboard
Ok so there are a bunch of opinions and everyone is entitled to one but stop with the racial insults and with the fighting, hate no more.
Language such as that is inapropriate
I get why youre angry but that is not the way to share you opinions also racism is really bad and not ok.
Just because someone is a different race, doesn't mean they are a bad person.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Please do not use terms that are offensive to a racial group or discriminate based on gender, religion, disability, or sexual orientation.
I don't see any reason to attack others based on their beliefs.
Please do not use terms that are offensive to those with disabilities.
There's no reason to use profanity to attack others.
Please do not use terms that are demeaning to women.
There's no reason to insult others. They're not harming you in any way.
There's no reason to call people names. They're not harming you in any way.
While your words may be colorful, your heart is not such and your speech is meaningless.
Please do not use derogatory homophobic language or racial slurs.
Please refrain from using hateful racist and homophobic language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion.
I'm sorry you are upset is there anything I can do to help?
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing productive to the discussion.
I don't feel comfortable with that aaaaaa
Antisemitism is not the right way to get your point across successfully.
Please do not use derogatory language for women or religious slurs.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread.
I wish for the pain in your heart to see the light.
Please do not use derogatory homophobic slurs and anti-Semitic rhetoric.
Please refrain from using hateful homophobic language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation.
you need to learn manners asap
Exercise does anybody good.
Language that promotes racism and religion hatred are not acceptable.
hate him or not, he was the president
Please refrain from all caps, it hurts my eyes.
Please do not use terms that are abusive to women.
i have no idea what you're trying to say
I didn't know DNA results showed a marker for mental illness.
you have a very hateful heart
Proof please.
Please avoid making disparaging comments about religion, ethnic origin or sexuality.
you have been reported to the FBI
You need to be reported.
Abuse is never deserved. The correct term is persons with disabilities. Your account has been permanently closed. Thank you have a nice day
Hate speech is not tolerated on this platform. Your accounts have been suspended. Enjoy the rest of your day
This language is foul.  You could have expressed your opinion without ever saying things like this.
Hate speech of any kind is not tolerated on this platform. Your accounts have been suspended. You can appeal via email to a Moderator. Ty
Name calling only leads to arguments that fail to make valid points.
Why even say things like this.  You are contributing to the decline of conversation in our society.
Your accounts have been suspended pending further review. Hate speech is not tolerated on this platform. Thank you in advance.
Name calling shows a lack of having a good vocabulary.
Why would you say things like this.  Your language is unnecessary and unwelcome.
Hate speech is not tolerated on this platform. If your account has been suspended you can appeal; if closed your ban is permanent. Thank you
There are many more effective ways to describe someone besides resorting to name calling.
The language used in your posts is offensive and unnecessary.  You should be ashamed of yourselves.
Calling kids names is a really low way to describe someone and shows others your true character.
Please don't use the term "retard", it's not polite.
Language denigrating the mentally challenged is unacceptable. Please refrain from its use.
Calling people names is not necessary.
Language denigrating sexual preference is unacceptable. Please refrain from its use.
Using racial slurs shows others you lack a proper vocabulary to describe someone.
That kind of language to describe someone is unacceptable.
Language denigrating race or ethnicity is unacceptable. Please refrain from its use.
The filthy language used here makes no points whatsoever it only spews hate.
Please don't use that type of discriminatory language to describe people.
The N word and language denigrating race or ethnicity is unacceptable. Please refrain from its use.
Can't we have a polite discussion without calling each other names?
Language denigrating women is unacceptable. Please refrain from its use.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someon based on their gender. Refrain from such words.
Totally unjust to hatefully insult women while expressing an opinion.
Using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
No need to hatefully insult people with a disability while expressing an opinion.
Using the words 'cunt & cunty' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to call someone gay and call and call them names.
Totally unnecessary to hatefully insult women while posting here.
You shouldn't be insulting people who have different opinions than you.
Totally unwarranted to hatefully slur someone using a reference to sexual orientation in your response.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on their ethnic background.
Use of hateful language regarding an entire race of people is unjust and not humorous.
Hate speech directed toward women and homosexuals are banned from this forum. Help us put down the brake when it comes to hate!
Wow dont you think that is a bit harsh and how do you know she likes woman.
Why do you have to use offensive language.  This was completely uncalled for.
Can yall stop being so nasty to each other we are all brothers and sisters in this world.
You did not have to use offensive language to say what you wanted to say.  Please don't use those words
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. Help us put down the brake when it comes to hate!
Dont speak about woman in negative way like its something to be ashamed of.
Homophobic hate speech ("fa--ot") is banned on this site. Thank you for your help in keeping hate away.
Gosh can we not use that kind of language, it's disgusting and it speaks volume of your character.
This language is completely unnecessary.  That term is incredibly offensive and should not be used.
Racism and the "n word" are banned on this site. Let’s squelch hate—together!
Wow can we not call people those names it really is offensive and promotes hate.
You could have asked your question without using a derogatory and degrading statement towards someone you have never met.
Well we can discuss this without getting too racey now.
Your language displays a lack of character and education.
Kanye can't be taken seriously by the Republican party or the entertainment industry.
Person of color, also works
Your language is highly offensive and displays a lack of character.
That is just incorrect. I find all women beautiful and I am a woman.
We can use different words if were going to place ourselves so highly!
Your language is offensive to an entire group of people and displays a lack of character.
Italy is a beautiful place and I cannot wait to visit one day.
Well that's certainly not the case but we can discuss this more eloquently!
Your language is offensive and shows that your vocabulary is limited.
Africa is actually a gorgeous place to visit and they have amazing food.
We don't need to use words like that, we're better than that right?
Your language displays a lack of character.
Trump is still building that wall and I don't think anyone will stop him.
PC gaming has many challenges, as game systems are designed and coded so vastly different.
Assumptions as such can really damage a persons reputation, and not all Jews are the same.
Please do not discriminate against or use terms that are offensive to a social class.
Politics are just a way to divide the people. An invisible line between us all that causes war just like religion.
Please do not discriminate against or use terms that are offensive to a religious group.
Uncalled insults never made much sense personally. There is no real context to defend. This is often a sign one is uneducated.
Refrain from using a mental disability to insult other and stop using sexually vulgar terms to refer to a woman
Come on, I'm not the biggest fan of her either but we should refrain from using that kind of language.
It would be received better if you just said you do not agree with her instead of bashing her.
Stop using hateful racial terms when talking about a specific race.
That kind of language isn't necessary, don't be rude.
Stop using a persons sexual orientation as a way to be hateful
It's not good to use that as an insult. There's nothing wrong with being gay.
Using better language is a much better way to say you don't like someone.
Do not use racial slurs when responding to others.
No, now you're just being hateful.
It would be nicer to say a Chinaman is from China.
Do not use a persons mental disability as a way to insult others.
That's not a really great thing to say, you know.
If you don't like her that is okay, but she does have native blood and doesn't deserve to be bashed.
Please don't refer to black people as nigger.
Both the "N word" and associated racist commentary is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent discourse.
I'm sorry that you can't see the damage you're doing in saying that
People have a right to their religious beliefs and shouldn't be criticized or maligned because they are different.
Anti-Islamic hatred and disabled-bashing via the "r word" are examples of hate speech, are banned from this forum. Please comply, thanks!
It isn't very proper to talk about a religion you are not a part of.
Hate doesn't bring us any closer to acceptance.
Neo-Nazi racism and antisemitism as well as homophobic rants and the word "fa--ot," because they are hate speech are banned here. Pls avoid.
This is a very disgusting way of discourse. I'm sorry you can't see what damage you're doing.
Black people are no longer referred to as niggers. It is considered a racial slur.
Using the "n word" is  constitutive of hate speech; so it is not permitted here. Let's make a date to stamp out hate!
That word has a lot of damaging history and it would be nice if you not say it.
You  may want to use quotation marks around the word "nigger," unless you are using it as a slur instead of quoting someone.
Please don't make this about race and resorting to such language.
Racism, the "n word," and misogyny, because they are examples of hate speech, are banned from this forum.
Hateful, rude speech is not acceptable here.
Refrain from using language that uses derogatory language toward someones mental ability, regardless of who is right
You can disagree with someone in a less offensive tone.
Please refrain from referring to others with derogatory language as there are better ways to get your point across
Very clever! You need to think before just throwing out racial slurs.
There are better ways to get your point across than using words that are derogatory to someone's racial group
You can dislike the man without making racially offensive statements.
"Re---ded" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families, please try to avoid its use.
Please watch the hateful language!
The use of the N-word is incredibly offensive. Please try to consider more appropriate language when expressing your opinions.
We would appreciate it if you would refrain from violating our no hate rule. Thank you
In order to move forward and be a productive member of society, such language you are using has to cease.
Please use better language on our site.Thank you
It would be worth your time to consider the demographics of each individual. It would perhaps lead to a reevaluation of your opinions.
This site does not allow usage of hate speech and foul language. Thank you
I understand that you feel rather strongly about this topic, however it may hurt your credibility to use offensive terms in such a manner.
Completely irresponsible use of language. It will be hard to be taken seriously. Consider using alternate, more appropriate language.
This is a violation of our rules please refrain from hate speech usage. Thank you
A person's political beliefs are not a reason for personal attacks.
The issues of the of police is not a racial issue but a criminal issue.
It is better to judge each person by their character, rather than their race or mental capacity.
Please do not discriminate against or use terms that are offensive to a racial group.
Just because you disagree with someone, doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of.
There is no need to turn a video into a racial issue.
Its inappropriate to use 'faggot and jiggilo' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation and preferences
Avoid words meant to attack one based on religion (muzzies), gender (twat), mental disability (idiot), and race (nigger)
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (retard) and sexual orientation (homos)
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (retarded, imbecile). Avoid ableist words
please refrain from using the offensive word 'retarted' and calling someone it, it is unnecessary and offensive
It's very hard to have this conversation with you when you use that word.
your response was unnecessarily offensive and used certain terms which should not be used to refer to people
In the future, please try to refer to all religious denominations respectfully and equally
It's hard to take you seriously when you use that kind of language.
Please use more respectful, appropriate language in your responses.
please use more respectful, appropriate language when referring to people.
I wish you could relay that information without using such an offensive word.
i understand that your mad at the person but the gay community didn't ask for your slander.
Just because someone like the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you.
I'm fairly certain this is a troll but at the same time... you should probably know that your comment isn't a complete sentence.
I don't think it's necessary to call anyone those things. You are offending a lot of people with that one sentence.
It doesn't make sense to name call someone you've never met based on what the media says.
I get that you're mad and all but they banned you for something that is in the contract. Woopdie doo bro.
I don't think making fun of someones religious beliefs is the way to go with this.
It is better to judge someone on their character, instead of their race or religion.
True she did lie about the issue but ill tell you that your comment would have been taken more seriously without the word cunt in it.
True, but referring to him that way isn't making you look any better.
just leave the word cunt out of things. If most girls don't already hate you they're going to soon when they find out the way you think.
That's not necessary, you don't know she is overweight.
I don't think using words that perpetuate a negative stereotype of someone's race show care or promote understanding.
Anti-ethnic and anti-Islamic hate speech is not permitted here. Words have power, be careful how you use them. Thanks!
Please eradicate the disrespectful words to others.
"Fa--ot” is an offensive term and must be avoided. Let’s squelch hate—together!
Please remove the objectionable language from your text.
Antisemitism, misogyny and the term "c--t" target hate based on gender or religion. This is not permitted here. Let’s squelch hate—together!
Please abide by using warm language instead of hateful remarks.
No racism no "n word" allowed. Can you adjust? Or expel you we must? It's a matter of trust!
Using a derogatory word to describe someone's race or gender identity is not productive in conversion and does not show care.
Express your ideas without the hurtful words please.
Anti-religious hatred, racism, homophobic venom, the term "fa--ot": all are banned hate speech. Comply or be evicted...it's that easy!
Please do not use these words and do not attack other posters.
Please treat other users with respect and use better language. Thank you
Using this language is hurtful and offensive, this is not tolerated here.
Pleas use better language. Thank you.
Using this kind of language is uncalled for and can be harmful, as well as triggering. Please refrain and be kind.
We do not allow hate speech here. Thank you
The use of this kind of language is not tolerated here, please be kind.
Using derogatory terms for women is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
Please do not use such vile language on our site. Thank you
Using this kind of language is hurtful and it is not tolerated here.
The N word and language attacking one's ethnicity is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
This post violates our standards please watch your language.Thank you
I don't believe that the word retard is necessary in your response. I appreciate your opinion but try to refrain from using that word.
you can not put disabiliies on people to make a point
I appreciate your response but don't believe it is necessary for you to use the word 'retard'.
There are more productive ways for you to make your opinion know. Slandering women isn't one of them.
your description of women isnt very sensitive to that demographic
Please refrain from this type of speech. You do not need to use these words to display your opinion.
it is not okay to openly post your hate for certain groups
Your hate speech and discrimination is not necessary or useful for trying to prove your point.
one using that term is very inappropriate in todays society
There is no need to degrade people with serious disabilities to make your point in an online rant.
There are ways of voicing your opinions and saying that is not a way to do so.
That type of hateful language is not necessary or wanted to make your point.
That is a very inapropriate way do describe an ethnic area
It is better to judge a person on their character, rather than their race.
The level of hatred and discrimination in this post is disturbing, and suggesting such a disgusting practice is incomprehensible.
In todayssociety, terms such as that are not acceptable.
You shouldn't be bringing up sensitive topics. People have went through these kinds of things. To take them lightly is not acceptable.
Well we could certainly have gone without that being said
Use a more concrete reference that could help tremendously to convey a more meaningful point than one that may potentially be misconstrued
Instead of insulting others, you could explain their mistakes to them.
We shouldn't be using that word in that context
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on their political views.
It's ironic to call a whole group brainwashed, we shouldn't be using hate speech to accompany it
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with derogatory slurs.
There are a lot of other words we could use to describe people we dislike
Ideas are more powerful than violence.
Please avoid using hateful homophobic slurs when posting on this page.
Let's focus on what we like about our people instead of what we hate about others.
Do not use hateful terms regarding someones racial background.
Baklava is actually delish - you should try it!
Wow, do not use hateful anti semitic terms and racial terms.
Better off not wasting tax dollars on imprisoning innocent people... all ideas are important.
Do not use that sexually vulgar word when referring to the female gender.
hate cannot drive out hate, only love can do that.
Avoid using hateful racial terms and anti semitic slurs.
Keep it civil please. Racism isn't the answer.
Intervene with facts and eloquent language hopefully the user 1 and 2 will notice the shift in maturity of their conversation.
There are many other words in the English language that you could have used. Please stay appropriate.
Explain to user 1 why cunt is an offensive term. Also explain to them that name calling is not a way to get people to stop their actions.
Woah, that is a pretty bold claim. Show your proof before making such a claim.
Educate the commenters on the situation and why name calling does not help their point come across better.
America has laws in place that let anyone in freely. That is what makes it so great!
Tell them that some opinions are better left unsaid.
Racism is never the answer.
Flag the comment and educate this person on his/her racism and why its wrong.
You can do better, it's 2019, no one says that word anymore.
The term "fa--ot" is offensive to many people and so should not be used in a political commentary. Thank you.
I realize you are quoting a song but do you really need to use that type of hatespeech, that was really uncalled for.
Really? That's not necessary to say that.
"Re---ds" and "ret--ded" as used here debases the speaker and may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families .
You call people such names but you can't spell for anything, I'm pretty sure your the pot calling the kettle black here.
Come on, no need for that language.
Though berserk, maniacal, and possibly even Tourettes-driven, such racist hatred is still not permitted here.
Wow, something is severly wrong with you, you need to be banned or something.
You're better than that, no need for the racism.
The "N word" is racist, demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary.
You must be a very little man, I wonder if you've even met a black person.
There is no purpose for using such hate speech, you should be ashamed of yourself for speaking that way about a woman.
Cunt and whore are terms that are derogatory to women and using it immediately invalidates any point you make
Being rude and calling people names gets you nowhere in life. It is uncalled for.
No part of this story should be used for a political gain.
This is an offensive and derogatory term. Please do not use it
You can express your dislike for someone in a manner in which you're not calling them names.
You should go back and look at the facts of stories that have been used to inflame you.
This word has been associated with race hatred for hundreds of years. Anyone using it should be ashamed
Being so rude a negative does not solve any problems along with name calling.
This conversation could have been so much more reasonable if you had not felt the need to introduce slurs.
This term is not clever or witty. It is offensive and hateful. If you wish people to pay attention, try to word your statements differently
No need state the obvious with such hate. She is doing no harm to you.
I hope that you can see that you are making light of an actual threat.
You are being both racist and sexist. It does nothing at all for your point and merely makes you seem uninformed.
Yikes, wasn't really called for. Maybe you should learn some manners and how to not say anything if it's not nice.
This is purposeless and intended only to be hurtful.
That is demeaning to women and to black people. Please avoid racist and sexist language.
We do not allow this type of language on our site. Thank you
This site does not allow hate speech. Thank you
The violent hatred and slurs used here are flat out unacceptable in any decent conversation.
Please express your opinions without racist, antisemitic and homophobic language. Thank you.
You have violated our rules we do not appreciate hate speech and foul language here. Thank you
This is a violation please use better language. Thank you
Please do not use hate speech here it is not allowed. Thank you
Do not name call based on sexual orientation.
We can disagree on this policy without being homophobic. You're fully capable of this.
i don't think you have to be homophobic to simply ignore him and disagree.
Please don't use discriminatory language to make a point.
It is totally fine to not agree with ideas but making hateful comments like that is something you can do better without/
Do not use language that could be hurtful or offensive.
You can put her policies down without the hateful language there. I am sure you can do better.
Racial slurs are not tolerated here.
All of the racial slurs used shows a lack of a good vocabulary.
I think you have a serious problem which needs to be addressed by a mental health professional.
Please leave women out of this. Let's all go read it and comment after. Thank you.
And I can guess what your foul under garments smell like, you 10 year old. If you're not off the internet in 1 minute I'm telling your mom.
Using foul language and racial slurs can make others think you either lack a good vocabulary or that you are uneducated.
I am an older American, and I do not believe you have asked any older folks about it. I suggest that you do so. Thank you.
Using racial slurs to describe others speaks volumes about one's character.
I'd be more inclined to agree with your comment if you didn't use that word.
I can't continue this conversation with you if you continue to use offensive words.
I get what you're saying but using that word really hinders your argument.
Please refrain from slandering entire religions and also from using derogatory terms for homosexuals.
Lots of other words could be used here!
Use of hateful speech regarding race is not warranted or humorous.
Kanye doesn't even make sense when he talks. I cannot understand most of the logic that man has.
Other words could be used here!
Use of hateful language regarding sexual orientation is unjust and unintelligent.
Yea I saw how Oregon was hit with all that protesting, but it was people of all races and sexual orientation.
More civilized insults are better at getting the point across
The hurricane showed how poor he can lead the city for sure.
You get your point across much better if you don't talk like that
Totally unjust and unintelligent to use hateful speech about women while posting.
I wasn't aware PayPal did that. Good for them.
Just because you're Filipino doesn't mean you can call every other Filipino racist slurs
Asians are beautiful people and that joke wasn't funny at all.
Sexist hate speech is not tolerated on this platform. Final warning before further punitive action is taking. Thank you and have a great day
it is not okay to use disabilities or sexual orientations to describe how you talk to other people
As you cannot say that here. Please refer to our user policies and consider this a final warning. Thank you for understanding.
We ask that you choose your words more respectfully as hate speech of any kind is not tolerated on this platform. Thank you.
There is an easier way to describe people without mixing a bunch of gay slurs
Hate speech is not tolerated on this platform. Your account has been temporarily suspended. Thank you for your understanding.
I am pretty sure that that word is unacceptable in todays time
Your account has been closed and your IP address recorded and banned. Have a great day
Women and their families often go vacationing before the baby arrives, it will be hard to relax and vacation after the little one arrives.
Using a word that negatively references someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding.
Everyone is entitled to their own fashion and opinion.
Indeed he/she should have known the clearance height, I'm guessing they just weren't paying attention
I don't think that using words which are derogatory to one's gender identity belong in meaningful conversation.
Cats are plenty pack animals, all they do is snuggle up with other cats and humans and etc.
Like the old saying goes, There's someone for everyone.
its code word for i use to love my race. now it falls under criminal activities
he might actually do the state some good for once
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words.
Its inappropriate to use the word 'redneck' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race.
the nazis did a lot of harm i would not wish that even on my worst enemy
Its inappropriate to attack one based on religion (muzzie), sexual orientation (faggot), race (nigger), and mental disability (moron)
more breeds means more ways to survive
Whoa there, xenophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thank you
I understand the point you're trying to make but it's difficult to digest when you use that kind of language.
Your words are highly offensive and not welcome here.
Your language displays a lack of character and is unwelcome here.
Your words are highly offensive to multiple groups on this site and display a lack of character.
Whoa there, racist and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thx
This thread is closed. If your account has been suspended you can email a Moderator to appeal. In the meantime review our user policies. Ty.
One's political views certainly do not mean that the person only follows one belief or those set out by another group.
Final warning: hate speech of any kind is not tolerated here. Please avoid further action and review our user policies. Thank you.
The place a person is from does not represent their political affiliation.
Sexist language is not tolerated on this platform. Final warning, please avoid further action and review our user policies. Thank you.
Please refrain from that kind of language.
Your accounts have been suspended and this thread is closed. We demand respect in interaction on this platform. Thank you.
One must remember that a person's choices about lifestyle are their own and not yours to pass judgement about.
It doesn't make sense to wish harm on someone you never even met.
We insist that you choose your language more carefully in the future. Your account has been temporarily suspended. Thank you.
A person's political beliefs do not make them any different than any other person and listening to their story will help with understanding.
I don't understand what you're trying to say but admire your attempt at self expression.
Hateful speech should never be our defalt!  It's our responsibility to be aware of our actions and how ugly words affect everyone!
Unacceptable. You should be ashamed of such language, my good sir. Truly, you are a heathen and a scoundrel.
It doesn't make sense to hate an entire religion or lifestyle based on the actions of a few people.
While insults might be the easy road out, I feel we should learn to take the higher ground and use kinder speech when commenting!
Proponent of IQ also reflexively racist. More at 10.
Just because someone is a different race than you doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of.
Regardless of context, I believe it is only fair that we guard our minds and mouths against spreading hateful speech towards one another!
Yikes. I can't imagine you have many black friends or romantic partners. Why? Because you write things like this on the internet.
Everyone may have their own opinion, but racial slurs and name calling really should never have a place in a knowledgeable mind!
You realize migrants are entering europe because we sell bombs to nations decimating their homes? Racists are never literate.
I was on board with these comments until the last one; I don't believe racism should be tolerated and we need to be less hateful of others!
Name calling because of someone's race speaks volumes about one's personality.
You can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others.
There's no need for racial slurs, please don't be insensitive.
I don't see a reason to attack others and wanting to cause them physical harm.
C'mon, the stereotyping and racial slurs are unnecessary.
Please speak with more respect towards your fellow human beings. You can argue your point without using offensive language.
Speaking down on someone because of their race shows a lack of a good vocabulary.
Please don't use offensive slurs.
Instead of insulting others, you could kindly tell them what they did wrong.
Instead, you should express your actual frustrations and steer clear of offensive racist language.
Please deliver your feelings in a less offensive manner.
please refrain to referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across.
Please devise your conversation minus the hateful talk.
Racism, the "n word," and antisemitism are bigoted hate speech and do not have a place in intelligent commentary.
Please channel your concerns in a different way that is not so degrading to others.
Please shift your conversation to one that is more attentive to peoples' feelings.
Please express yourself in a way that doesn't discredit others.
Homophobic hatred and "fa--ot" are terms of hate and do not belong in this forum.
This is a horrific tragedy regardless of the race of the shooter.
Your offensive remarks don't even make sense in this conversation.
You have offended many people with your post and homophobic slurs.
The racial slurs are not necessary and don't add to your argument at all.
It appears that racial slurs are a universal language.
Its inappropriate to use the word 'nigger,Sandnigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race.
Violence does not solve anything and only creates more violence.
It is hard to take someone seriously when they use hateful words like you have.
All people that are African American aren't the same.
We live in the United States. Sharia law does not apply here, as you well know. If there is justice to be served, it will be.
Use of a word that is demeaning to women is not helpful.
You should make clear who you mean by "they."
Everything about that response was offensive. Maybe making a valid point would help your argument better than just offending people.
Not all homosexuals and/or black people are bad people.
A person's sexual orientation and "triggers" have no relationship.
Talking to someone else like that was not necessary to prove your point. Maybe taking a minute and not being so nasty to others would help.
Hate towards all homosexual people is not warranted.
Wow, that was kind of out of left field.  I am not sure how to respond to that or understand where that came from.
Do not use hateful homophobic slurs when responding to posts.
Please don't use slurs to describe people.
I kind of feel sorry for them, they shouldn't have had to deal with their car being vandalized.
Do not use hateful racial terms when posting and responding to others.
Please stop using racial slurs to describe people, it is inappropriate.
Please don't lump politics in with those folks born with disabilities.
Do not insult others by belittling a persons mental disability
Please don't use the word 'retarded' in that context. It makes people feel badly and is very negative.
Please don't use people with disabilities as an insult for politics. It's not fair for them to be lumped in with them.
Please do not use racial slurs when voicing your opinions.
Please don't use slurs like that to make people feel badly about themselves. It is unnecessary to get your point across.
Please take care not to use offensive language. I agree with the content ban, but there are better ways to address it than being offensive.
Please do not degrade racial affiliations and mental impairments when responding to others.
Please stop talking about people like that. Using those words to put someone down is inappropriate.
It doesn't shine a very good light on your movement to use language like that.
Kindly remove the word FAGGOT and do not describe the script or the woman by skin color, by sexual appearance.
Gay people don't condone that behavior either. People who are gay don't typically partake in terrible behavior like that.
There's no need for the hate speech that has been used; it can all be removed. Really, the only way is to delete the comments
That kind of language just makes others take you less seriously.
dont use the word retarded as its out of context. calling someone a pedo is less offensive but still not needed.
You might want to rethink why you feel the need to use that language if you consider yourself a good person.
Calling someone undesirable and a nigger lover is completely unacceptable. These are weak people.
I don't see how that language is relevant or how it proves any point at all.
Truly not okay to use those words; I would have the person recognized as a homophobic individual.
I believe that racial slurs and swearing are unnecessary and harmful and we should work on abstaining from them!
This viewpoint is slightly interesting, but I feel the point would be better taken if less harmful language was used in expressing oneself!
I feel it's time we should be more aware of how hateful speech can harm and erode the very foundation of kindness and respect for others!
This debate seems interesting and healthy and could do well to not be sullied by ignorant speech and rude commentators.
I don't believe in name calling and using racial slurs;  I feel there are many and much better ways of getting our points across!
Just because someone is a different race, doesn't mean they deserve to be mocked.
Use of the n-word and slur is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults blacks.
The entire post is filled with racial slurs and fails to make any valid points.
Please do not use derogatory racial slurs and anti-Semitic rhetoric.
Name calling using a sexual orientation slur shows others what kind of person you are.
Using foul language to describe someone doesn't help get your point across to people.
Just because someone is less intelligent than you, doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of.
Using such foul language can make others think that you have a lack of a good vocabulary.
Using foul language does not help to make one's point any more valid.
There are much more appropriate ways to describe someone besides resorting to using racial slurs.
The vulgar language used can make others think that one lack a good vocabulary.
"Re---ded" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families, please try to avoid its use. Thanks!
Can you please not make comment regarding disabilities thank you
Please, from now on use the simple word, "stupid". You learned the "r" word in elementary school, leave it out and be a real man. Thanks.
There must be something stuck in your head about the mentally retarded. Just call them ignorant, or stupid and get it over with.
Using "c---" and "bi--h" to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. Thanks for your help in keeping Gab hate-free.
Can you please not make insulting remarks towards people thank you.
Wow, you used all caps. She's a smart woman who got caught up in the Democrats' game. She'll never be respected after this. Too bad.
I don't understand why you boys keep using the "r" word. Please get a dictionary.
Can you please not make racist and hateful comments in your posts thank you.
You mean you actually remember being put back in the stroller --- you must be 10 years old.
Liberals have different opinion, doesn't mean they are retarded
Study the reasons one works and one is banned. You might be surprised.
If someone is leftist doesn't mean you shouldn't respect their opinion
People who use bad words have less stress depending on their word choices.
Regardless of her political affiliation, you shouldn't call her a "c". You can state your opinion without the use of that word.
Shooting percentage has nothing to do with race
Volume of those killed is what is being commented on. As well as the likelihood that the white males in question are law enforcement.
Regardless of which ethnicity is statistically more likely to become a shooter, you have no right to use the "n" word.
If someone has a different point of view doesn't mean he is a nazi
There's a grumpy young troll living under a bridge.
Your childish banter can continue without being inappropriate with the use of the "f" word.
Language denigrating race, ethnicity, or sexual preference is unacceptable. Please refrain from its use.
Please avoid slurs based on ethnicity and/or sexual orientation.
Let's simmer it down, we don't need that many slurs here
Do not use the r-word on this thread.
Well if they're so dumb we probably shouldn't be mean and use that word
Posts containing the r-word will be deleted from this thread.
Well we can be nice about this question here!
Responding to unpalatable opinions with hate speech will not prove your point.
Well, if you're not trying to sound racist you just did. A different change of words would suit!
The N word and language denigrating race is unacceptable. Please refrain from its use.
Racial slurs are not appreciated on this page.
Well there are certainly other terms we can use to express shock!
Any group of people could have made up a story like this.
Use a more concrete reference that could help tremendously to convey a more meaningful point than one that may potentially be misconstrued.
I am proud of my generation.  I feel like we have many great qualities, and have contributed a lot.
That word should not be used to describe someone who has no control over their situation.
"Re---ded" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families, please try to avoid it. Thank you for your help!
"Fa--ot” is an offensive term and must be avoided. Thanks for your help in avoiding hate speech!
She is free to express any opinion she wants.
Hate speech is not tolerated on this platform. Your account has been suspended. You can appeal this action by emailing a Moderator. Ty.
You don't seem to like women. #youknowwhat
When posting refrain from sexist hate speech. First warning. Please review our user policies carefully. Thank you in advance.
Using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words.
She was a lawyer. I'm guessing you never passed that bar exam.
Hate speech is not tolerated on this platform. Final warning. Thank you for your understanding and cooperation.
Refrain from using words that attack one based on their sexual orientation (faggot) and ableist words like 'idiot'.
Who cares what sex Acosta favors, and Muslims...well, that's obvious. Leave it alone.
Your accounts have been closed and your IP addresses recorded and banned. Use of the word hypothetical is not a loop hole. Thank you.
its offensive to use the word 'muzzie' as its an attack on someone based on their religion
The point is that she is respected in her field and that she didn't present real evidence. So nothing will happen. Chill, dudes.
Hate speech is not tolerated on this platform. Your account has been suspended pending further review. You can email a Mod to appeal.
Using anti-homosexual language is never appropriate. Even if you're joking.
I'm sorry you're upset about this but this kind of speech can offend someone.
If this was meant as an insult, there's no need to use that language. If you meant to spell the country, please use auto-correct.
There are different ways to get your point across without attacking someones character
I don't quite understand but this word does nothing except incite hatred to people. It's not necessary.
It's true that we do have the freedom of speech but using it in this type of way only makes you look undignified.
You have rights under the first amendment, but it doesn't mean your language doesn't have consequences.
Everyone is entitled to an opini, but please don't display one that attacks another' character there are different ways to get your point ac
It's true that it is a powerful word but it's not going to do anything besides incite arguments among people. It would be better be nice.
Comparing African Americans to animals is intolerant, as is your use of racial slurs.
This kind of speech is only going to get people riled up and start arguments in itself.
I don't think there's anything wrong with using a cliche... it helps get the idea across without having to say too much
then they would ban you to
Name calling someone you never even met isn't going to solve anything.
I don't think there is a need to call people names... we're all just trying to do our best out here
yes yes you are
i wouldnt speak to you neither
you will defend women but judge color
you can talk down his thinking without resorting to that. Stop it.
An adult conversation doesn't require such offensive language.
That's not going to get you far in terms of credibility, talking like that.
You're an adult and can certainly not be so offensive towards the lgbt community.
That's no way to refer to someone. Attack ideas instead.
Women deserve your respect, refrain from such ugly language.
I don't think you need to go there to make your point. It's beneath you.
Being overweight, or a woman is not a valid reason for this attack.
You can speak against drug use and crime without that term. Be better than that.
Please be sensitive to the current racial state of our country and refrain from adding fuel to the fire.
don't you have anything better to say
Just because someone has a different opinion than you, doesn't mean they are less intelligent.
Using a derogatory term against someone you dislike is insulting to those with actual mental disabilities.
Name calling someone you haven't even met isn't going to solve anything.
way to hold up an argument
Just because someone has a mental disability, it doesn't mean they are less than you.
Please do not discriminate against or use terms that are offensive to racial group.
Talking down on someone based on their race can lead others to form an unfavorable opinion of you.
Hate speech is not tolerated on this platform. Your account has been suspended. You can email a mod to appeal this action. Thank you.
Please do not use terms that are offensive to a religious group.
First and final warning: this is a hate speech free platform. Please review our user policies and take greater care in the future. Thank you
Name calling leads to nothing more than pointless arguments.
We understand controversial topics arouse intense emotions but ask that you refrain from sexist language in the future. 1st warning. Ty
Please do not use terms that are offensive to a racial group.
Talking down to someone only creates unnecessary hostility and fails to make any valid points.
Even when discussing controversial topics hate speech is not tolerated on this platform. Your account has been temporarily suspended. Ty.
Please do not discriminate against or use terms that are offensive to those of a religious group, sexual orientation, or gender.
You have been permanently banned from this platform. We do not tolerate hate speech. Thank you and have a great day!
There is no need to insult those with a serious disability to "win" against someone on the internet.
I get your point and I don't agree with him either, but I suggest backing off on the offensive language.
Using hateful language towards other races and those with mental disabilities is ignorant.
I tend to agree with you, but you might want to watch some of the language a bit.  It lessens your argument.
There is no need to compare someone to a person with serious disabilities to prove how "stupid" they are.
Your lessening your point by using language like that.  It's really offensive.
Hate speech against people of color and other nationalities is not needed.
You're taking your argument too far using racist terms like that.  Back off them a bit and you will be better received.
Expressing Anti-Semitic views and talking about their deaths casually is as wrong as insulting people with serious disabilities.
I understand both of your points, but I'm more distracted by the words than your arguments.  I'd take it down a notch.
That type of racist language is not appropriate. Please moderate your speech.
Both the "n word" and hatred directed on the basis of ethnicity or national origin, is hate speech--which is NOT permitted here. Sorry!
Think about what you are saying, violence is something you can't come back from.
Please do not use terms that are derogatory of women.
Calling a woman a "c--t" is hateful, humiliating and demeaning; it should be avoided here or you may be escorted out.
Please do not use racist language and sentiments.
The "n word" is hateful, racist, demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary. Please desist--thanks!
You can't generalize an entire race like that, and you need to realize how your words impact those who read them.
"Re---ded" and venom directed to the mentally disabled is hate speech--which is NOT permitted here. Please adjust or banishment looms.
Using autism as an insult is extremely offensive to those suffering from the disorder. Autism and being developmentally delayed arent jokes
Please avoid antisemitic language and sentiments.
Antisemitism, racism, and homophobia combine in this post in a repulsive, yet extremely irritating fashion. Please avoid hate here.
Using hurtful language is not necessary to get your message across. Also generalizing a religion is unacceptable.
Rampant misogyny, the absence of any real content, and occasional racism all combine to make this soon-to-be-banned post truly remarkable.
Language that has been used here is vulgar and not acceptable in todays society.
Both racism and the "n word" are demeaning and offensive and so do not belong in intelligent commentary.
That is a bad way to describe someone
Your use of "the r word" may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
Try to refrain from using this language especially when hiding behind a keyboard
Racist hate speech containing the "n word" is not permitted here. Please adjust. Thank you.
Each person is different. It is better to judge someone based on their character, not their race.
Racial slur such as that is not acceptable.
That is a misuse of racial stereotyping
I feel like some comments are just plain unnecessary!  Everyone has an opinion, but I believe we ought to use less vulgarity in our speech!
That language is pure racism.
I feel like negative comments are the result of true ignorance and we should always strive to be less hateful in our dealings with others!
Please do not use languages that denigrate people on the basis of race or religion.
America is a melting pot. All are welcome.
While I take this comment to be somewhat of a joke, it is rather offensive speech that is being used and I think we could do better!
Get with the times. Stop being impolite.
While I can appreciate that some people are irritating, it still does not excuse bad behavior and filthy language!  We should be more aware!
Please avoid using expressions that denigrate women.
Everyone is entitled to their own opinion.
I do not believe that nasty comments serve and purpose or solve many conflicts!  We should be kinder and gentler in our speech!
Calm down. It's not worth the negative energy.
Please consider that the words you use are despicable so please change your tone.
This conversation has potential for production, but the speech being used isn't helpful nor kind.
The words you use are very hurtful so please eliminate those comments.
Your choice in words are not necessary. You can easily give your opinion and be mindful of your words.
Others' feelings are damaged by these words so please don't say them.
Please refrain from using such language. Someones sexual prefence has no place here.
Please do away with the rotten pronouncements and use more genial words.
You choice in words are helpful through this conversation. Please find a way to speak without being mindful.
Please express your feelings in a way that is not so despicable.
Speaking on someones religious preferences in such a manner isn't being helpful to anyone. Please refrain from using this language.
I think everyone has the right to find a safe place to live and using hateful speech and words against others is not appropriate!
You obviously really have never known any muslims or black people very well. If you did you would realize they are no different than you.
As commenters, I feel we should use cleaner language and less hate when communicating with one another!
I agree that certain people can make you feel frustrated, but it's better to refrain from using hateful words towards anyone!
The only thing that is horrible are the things you are typing on your keyboard. There is no room for that talk in civilized society.
I agree that sometimes society can seem like idiocracy, but we should rise above it and use better language when expressing ourselves!
Using the word retard is offensive to many people, in case you didn't realize it. You have a negative view of society yet you say that. Odd.
A person should not be called names based on his personal choices.
Don't know him, can't say.
A person should not be calling names based on race.
Your account has been closed and your IP address recorded and banned. Hate speech is not tolerated here. Have a great day
The Royals needed something to be popular, so countercultural to marry a non-relative.
The idea of people supporting other causes should not result in name calling of any kind.
Sexist hate speech is not tolerated on this platform. Your account has been suspended. Thank you and have a nice day.
Fist in the air is symbolic of rebellion in many places, not only prison.
Hate speech against persons with disabilities is not tolerated on this platform. Your account has been closed. Thank you.
Have only plastic utensils. Problem solved.
Political beliefs are no reason for slanderous language.
Sexist hate speech is not tolerated on this platform. Choose your adjectives more wisely in the future. Final warning. Thank you.
We keep electing people who aren't clear on who they represent.
I wish I could mute you so I wouldn't have to read your edgelord comments anymore.
Do not use mental impairment and racial slurs when posting.
I can't believe it's 2019 and we're still using "faggot" as an insult.
Avoid using homophobic slurs when responding to others.
"If I use the n word, people will surely think I'm an intelligent and confident thought leader."
Avoid using hateful racial slurs when posting .
"ur gay" Sick burn there, buddy.
Do not use homophobic slurs when responding to others posts.
I urge you to find another word choice to express how you are feeling. Your language is very dangerous to the LGBT community.
Language denigrating one's sexual preference is unacceptable. Please refrain from its use.
The slang you have chosen to use is very offensive. This word should not be used lightly. Kindly reconsider or rephrase.
All groups, no matter what color, religion, or background, deserve to be treated as equals. Your language is threatening and offensive.
Your word choice is concerning. I kindly ask you to rephrase. I also remind you that hasty generalizations are dangerous in society today.
While I understand your frustrations, I ask you to reconsider your language, which may be offensive to some.
Use of this language is not tolerated and it is uncalled for.
Use of the slurs and insults here is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults and alienates others.
I recommend that you research the holocaust, you might change your opinion.
Using this language is unkind and not tolerated.
I love rainbows. Either way, maybe you should just ask Richard.
Using this type of language is not tolerated. Please refrain.
Using this kind of language is uncalled for and not tolerated.
That is disgusting and i won't stand to listen to it, please improve your argument.
Using this language is not tolerated, please refrain.
An ape is a highly intelligent creatures. Maybe more intelligent than an average person.
Using such words in this context is not tolerated, please refrain.
Use of the n-word and insults is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults blacks.
Using this language is not tolerated.
Use of this language is not tolerated, please refrain.
Use of this language is not tolerated.
Using this language is not tolerated, please remember to be kind.
Your use of religious slurs does not provide any facts or evidence, except of your discriminatory nature.
Language dude.
Your entire response is full of hatred, harmful stereotypes, and poor grammar. You have not provided any enlightenment.
Use of the n-word and other slurs is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults blacks and others.
If you can't address and issue without relying on race/religion, just don't speak.
Someone's race or nationality doesn't have any bearing on who they are as a person, and to use race as a slur shows more about you.
If you have to rely on race to address something, yo.r not intelligent enough to be speaking about it.
I understand the argument you are making, but I'd back off on the language because it takes away from you points.
Please do not use terms that are offensive to those with disabilities or discriminate against a religious group.
I hear you and respect your opinion, but watch the language please.  It's offensive to many.
moron would have been sufficient by itself
I recommend watching the language a bit because it is distracting from understanding you argument.
I understand your thinking, but I'd use a different word.  It really offends a lot of people now a days.
there are other words that could be used to describe a person you think is stupid
Yeah, she can really get under their skin.  I'd watch the verbiage though because that word is offensive to both men and women.
I think there's a much better way to express yourself on this topic. Wow.
Bro, you're never going to blow up if you keep alienating people with that hate speech.
We have different opinions but please understand how hurtful those words can be to those who are different than you.
I think you can say you don't feel he is very intelligent in a way that is less hateful.
Please refrain from using derogatory terms for the mentally handicapped
Those offensive words do not help the situation. Please know there are others you can use to get your point across.
That's a terrible way to reference a group of people. You shouldn't go there.
Next time, please use the phrase 'derogatory term for black people'
Please be aware that those stereotypes and labels can be very offensive and hurtful.
That's a pretty awful outlook on a group of people. Up the level of discourse.
That word can be very hurtful. It's okay if we have different opinions but please use another one.
I understand that you dislike this person but please use other words to describe them.
Generally, using hate speech to fight for freedom of speech is what drives people to be decisive in their opinions.
Just because someone likes the same sex, doesn't mean they are a bad person.
Rise above the hate by using non-hate filled language #stayabove
Bringing people's mental disabilities or physical features into a discussion takes away from the real topic being discussed.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they're less intelligent than you.
Look at the other users wording, you can get your point across even better without using hateful words.
Either ignore the user or remove references to people's mental capacities when making an argument.
Keeping to the topic would be much more concise and easy for others to understand if you dropped all of the meaningless hate words.
Please avoid denigrating people of other religions.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or ethnicity and/or sex and gender in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS.
Words that attack an entire race or that are sexist are neither careful, nor considerate.
Please do not use that type of sexist and racist language.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and/or race in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Words that perpetuate a negative image of someone's national origin are not productive in conversation.
Please do not use terms that denigrate people because of their background.
Please make your point without homophobic and antisemitic hate speech and without the use of "fa--ot". Thank you.
Immigration is a complex topic, but regardless on your stance on the issue, racial slurs and hate speech don't help your rhetoric.
I don't think that using words which are derogatory to one's gender identity or religion belong in meaningful conversation.
Disabled-directed hatred and homophobic venom make it rather likely the author will be asked to depart if this keeps up.
Women and persons with mental disabilities need to be respected. Don't use the latter as an insult.
The school board president was expressing his first amendment rights. If your opinions differ from his, you don't have to use that slur.
"Ret--ded" used here offends the mentally disabled and their families, please avoid!
Regardless of what your political affiliation is, using a derogatory term for someone's mental disability is wrong.
Words that negatively reference someone with a mental disability are not the reason why good conversation exist. :).
The "n word," since it is a racist term and offends many, has no place here.
Whatever you are mad about, using inappropriate slurs is uncalled for. You can make your point without the use of them.
A person supporting a political issue should not be called names based on racial slurs.
He's an extremely well known, respected artist
Just because someone is a different race, doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you.
A difference of beliefs should not degrade to slanderous words.
Calm down.
While a person makes bad choices and life choices they should still have some respect as a person.
Language is not necessary
Racial slurs are unnecessary in this case.
You should be nice to people.
Just because a person has a different life belief calling names in unhelpful in the situation.
Maybe he missed
Just because someone likes the same sex, doesn't mean they deserve to be mocked.
So much wrong with this. Try to refrain from statements that are put out there to hurt someone for no reason.
I do agree but i can think of nicer things to call him so others do not get offended.
Golden rule, Fellas.
I am proud that you recognized your mistake.
There is no excuse for a comment like this. Rephrase because its simply not nice.
Using racial slurs is not a good way to get others to want to read your post.
The cops and immigrants are human, just like us. We're all doing our best in our jobs and with the lives dealt to us.
There are many more appropriate worlds that should be used to replace all of the foul language.
It's unlikely that he's posting photos with a whit woman to raise his status. Believe it or not, people of different races can be friends.
Using racial slurs only shows others that you have a serious lack of respect for others.
It's not impressive intellectually to rely on personal attacks to insult others. It's far more fun to get creative. Try it out.
There may be a lot of reasons to criticize Keith, but you remove your validity by leaning on religion to criticize him. Focus on the point.
I believe you could think come up with nicer words to describe your feelings.
Please tell your feelings without the hate language.
A word that is derogatory towards all homosexuals is not necessary.
You should consider the words you choose because these words make you look bad.
Please discuss your thoughts without the detestable words.
A person may be despicable, but when referring to that person, use of a word that is derogatory towards all homosexuals isn't necessary.
Better language equals better appeal to listeners.
Take out the despicable comments please and use less abrasive language.
Hate towards all women is not justified.
The lady had the right to testify and you should chose better words because yours make you look bad.
Rid your speech of the hurtful comments please and use kinder words.
Using language that is derogatory towards all women is not necessary.
You sound racist and it seems to me you may be the problem and not the jewish and people of people.
Consider that the words you use are demeaning to others please and take them out.
Not all Jewish people and African Americans are people that you should avoid.
I'm sorry you feel that way, but you really shouldn't use that word
The term "fa--ot" comprises homophobic hate, and as such is not permitted here. So let's make a date ... to stamp out hate!
Mental disability and the use of the n-word is not something to joke about
Disabled-bashing plus racism equals banned hate speech so... let's make a date to stamp out hate! Together we can.
Name calling the people you dislike isn't going to solve anything.
Just because a woman disagrees with your viewpoint, there's no reason to call her that.
Misogynistic hatred is not permitted here because it reveals hatred. Remember: there's no room for hate this world.
"Re---d" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. Thank you for your help in keeping hate away.
Just because someone disagrees with you, there is no reason to use homophobic slurs.
Simply no need to hatefully insult people with a disability while expressing an opinion.
This is considered hate speech please refrain. Thank you
Use of hateful speech regarding people with a disability is cruel and unwarranted.
Please do not use hate speech. Thank you
Use of hateful language regarding a person's religion is unwarranted and unintelligent.
Hate speech is a violation of our rules please refrain. Thank you
Use of hateful speech regarding race is unjust and not funny.
Please do not use hate speech on this site. Thank you
Use of hateful language regarding sexual orientation is cruel and not humorous.
WE do not appreciate hate speech on our site please refrain. Thank you
whoa there, homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Hate speech is rude, you wouldn't want these things said to you. Be more courteous to others online.
Racial slurs are considered hate speech and should not be used online. be courteous to others online who don't want to read those words.
Hate speech against sexual orientation and gender identity are uncalled for. Refrain from using it, and be courteous to other online users.
Using these words and attacking another person is harmful and uncalled for. Please refrain.
It's easier to just agree and not include the extra hate words. It will help you to get more support that way.
Using this kind of language is not tolerated.
His sexual orientation isn't important in this context, just say you disagree with him or that you don't like him and leave it at that.
Use of this language is uncalled for and not tolerated.
The word you used towards the end of your sentence isn't the best descriptive word to use for someone, it only confuses.
Using this kind of language is not tolerated and uncalled for. Please refrain.
Wishing harm on the person you disagree with isn't going to help solve anything.
Generalizing other groups without using facts makes it hard to get others on your side.
Using this kind of language is uncalled for and not necessary, please refrain.
It doesn't make since to name call someone you've never even met.
You both can make your points more simply by leaving out the speech regarding someones religion or sex.
Point out that the word "nigger" is unacceptable in any context.
You post is overflowing with hateful words to the point that I don't even know what you are saying. Try kindly explaining yourself.
Warn user 2 that a second offense will ban him from the site.
You can say the same thing in a kinder way. This opens your posts up to more discussion by those who agree or disagree.
Warn user 2 that a repeat incident of name calling will result in banishment.
It is ironic to discuss Christianity and how you are for it while being hateful to other people. Live as Jesus would.
Issue a warning that offensive language in the furure will result in a ban.
Your post is confusing because instead of trying to make and explain a point, you opted to use hate speech.
Ban for direct name calling.
Your 100% name call of a post does not add anything and I doubt the person you responded to cared. Make an effort towards conversing.
There are problems with the justice system, but your hurtful slurs aren't helping your case.
The "n word" and anti-semitic hatred are constitutive of hate speech; it is not permitted here. Thanks for *your* help in avoiding hate.
These hateful opinions have brought the level of discourse to the ground between you.
Racism, homophobic hatred, the "n word" and "fa--ot" are constitutive of hate speech and therefore should not be used here. Thanks!
Even if that's true, that's not a ood example of an entire race of people
Anti-Islamic and anti-ethnic hatred, and the "n word," are constitutive of hate speech; it is not permitted here. So let’s squelch hate!
I understand you're upset, but using this language denigrates a innocent percentage of the population.
The tern "fa--ot" comprises homophobic hate, and as such is not permitted here. Let's make a date to stamp out hate!
Just because someone is a different race than you, doesn't mean they deserve to be mocked.
Using words that negatively describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
There is no reason to say such disturbing things to people different than you
I'm sorry you have such a warped view on African-Americans
I'm sorry that you have such a warped view on African-Americans
The word "faggot" and the words "bitch piece of shit" will not be tolerated.
Please don't engage in hate speech or threaten people.
Using a derogatory term against someone is putting down those with actual mental disabilities.
Using the word "retard" is inappropriate, name calling is unacceptable.
Please don't use hate speech based upon disabilities.
Inappropriate language will not be tolerated, please choose your words carefully.
You do not need to use offensive terminology to prove your point. Please refrain from this in the future.
Inappropriate offensive language is not tolerated.
There is no need to use offensive language. Please refrain from doing so in the future.
Could you please not use insulting remarks in you comments thanks
come on user3, if you just said "mayor", you would sound so much smarter.
Can you please refrain from using racist remarks in your comments please
The word you used is confusing as I do not know what point you are trying to make. Use nouns and pronouns that are actually relevant.
user 2, lets try to be more civil
Can you please not make insulting remarks towards races thank you.
If you're going make claims you need to back it up with proof. Focus on proof rather than using hateful words.
user 1, using such language makes your point moot. try a more educated sounding response next time
Can you please refrain from using racist remarks than you
You can make the same point without having to use hate speech. It would be better to contribute to the conversation instead of insulting
user 2, your point was sufficient without the last 3 words. Try sounding smarter next time
Can you please refrain from making racist remarks thanks
Instead of name calling and being mean, explain why you feel this way. Be thoughtful and kind so that the conversation can be continued.
user 3, you may not like her, but that is not necessary to say that, you don't know her.
I feel that there are better adjectives to describe how your feeling about the tree master piece, instead of using negative names.
You should think about using a less harsh tone, and the n word was very unnecessary.
You have to wonder why people are so full of hate they can't have a simple conversation without using nasty slurs like that
There is no need for name calling at the end of your state. There are better was to make your point.
Women have come through too much suffering for you to still use abusive language like that.
Name calling is a sign of a very defensive person.
That is seriously discouraging to the plight of women to use those terms.
Retarded is a medical diagnosis, not a an adjective that should be used in an argument.
Wow, this post has an alarmingly large amount of different slurs. Think about how your words can affect people next time.
You can easily make that point without calling anyone offensive names.
Your account has been permanently closed and your IP is hereby banned. Hate speech is not tolerated on this platform.
Using such hateful language never helps to keep the lines of conversation open.
Its inappropriate to use the words 'nigger kike' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race.
We find your lack of vocabulary disturbing. You're to take more care in the future and review our user policies. Final warning. Thank you
Hate speech promotes violent attitudes and behaviors and as such is not tolerated on this platform. Final warning. Thank you
Others should not be forced to follow another person's beliefs.
If your account has been recently closed consider this closure permanent. Hate speech is not tolerated on this platform, ty.
Each group should be allowed to speak their thoughts in a productive manner without attacking other with slurs and slander.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their religion (ChristoJew papist), race (TwittKike) and gender (cunt).
We insist that you review our user policies concerning hate speech out of respect for users with mental and or physical disabilities. Ty
This type of comment produces hate and does not open lines of conversation.
Using this language is not tolerated. Please be kind.
I for one will not be banned, so if you keep it civil, things will be fine.
Using this language is not tolerated and uncalled for. Please refrain in the future.
Didn't you hear that Cohen lied? And that she had been arrested on "Trumped" up charges? They are trying to keep her from the media.
Using this language and attacking is not tolerated. Please refrain.
It doesn't make sense to name call someone you don't know based on what the media says.
Wow. But I din't see an apartment number on there. Probably doesn't even live there.
Attacking others and using such language is not tolerated here. Please refrain and be kind.
I don't see anyone here but us. And I'm a white woman!
Using this language is offensive and uncalled for. Please be kind.
I don't understand how you are drawing a straight line to antisemitism from this tragic story.
Please do not address someones religion so negatively as it can be seen as hurtful to some.
We should stick away from derogative terms when discussing such controversial things
Please try not to speak of women and race in such a manner. Its hurtful and doesn't help anything or anyone.
We shouldn't be so fired up when trying to make these accusations
There is no reason to be responding with so much anger.
Please try not to use the word 'cunt'. It doesn't help any situation or any person coming across this post.
I understand where you're coming from
Please don't treat black people or disabled people this way.
Please try not to talk about peoples race in a negative manager.
Maybe you should get to know other black people and treat them as human beings.
We can get the point across here without using derogatory terms
I totally agree but no need to stoop to their level.
Describe people better please
No need to throw out slurs.
That is a very offensive word to use
Whoa just take it easy man. You can express yourself differently.
Do not use such hateful language
There are way better ways to express yourself than 5 offensive words stacked together.
Do not use such vulgar language in posts
Your comment does not reflect the ideals that you claim to support.
It's pretty clear that you have opposing viewpoints, but you could at least be civil to one another.
Posting inappropriate comments in reference to Matthew Richards does nothing to solve your problem with him.
It's really hard to take your argument seriously with all of the profanity and nasty language.
Positivity a day keeps the hate away. A murder charge is no way to fix your issue.
I get your point, but don't agree with it.  The language is offensive and it's hard to take your argument seriously.
I would rather be full of love than full of hate. Maybe you should try love as well.
That word is very offensive.  Maybe using a less abrasive term would allow people to pay more attention to you.
I think it is selfish of you to take credit for what women is becoming.
That statement is really generalized, and you won't have the support of any woman using words such as those.
That wasn't necisary speech, if you want to be taken seriously with that talk you better go somewhere else.
The last part of your response doesn't back up any part of your opinion, it would be perfectly clear without it.
Wow, that was a lot to handle. You didn't need to use that language to get your point across.
Even if you feel you belong to a certain group, it's important to remember not everyone agrees with certain terminology that is used.
Your comments are plain dispicable, you should be ashamed of youself as a human being.
Using capitalization and harsh wording in discussions is a sure way to get people to skim over what you are trying to say.
Your speech is shocking, you need to learn some self control and human decency before posting on here.
If you would you the proper ethnic names for people it would help people to see your side of the situation more easily.
That was really uncalled for, you need to go back to preschool to learn some manners.
It would do more good to ignore the user instead of yell at them if you want to attract others to your views and opinions.
that isnt an acceptable word to describe a race of people
There is certainly no reason to result to slander.
there are other words that could be used to get your point across
A screen name should not result in such slanderous terms.
there are other words that can be used to describe a group of people that arent so insensitive
Food stamps and welfare are based on need not on race.
Hey, xenophobic and derogatory slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thanks
Assuming a generic role of a race does not make it that way.
Hate speech incites violence, both you and our society is better than that.
that may be the case, but please leave out that foul language next time you post
As much as we do have freedom of speech it does not mean we need to demean anyone. I do want to hear your thoughts though.
There are more accurate words to use, such as person or hairdresser.
appreciate the humour, but that is also quite offensive and personal, leave the c word out next time please
I would like to hear about your hair cut but please continue with out the vulgar name calling.
While freedom of speech may be something you find important, there are more accurate descriptions that get at what your feelings are.
thanks for censoring originally, at least he tried rather than you. there may be a prison but doesnt excuse your language
I like that you feel free to express yourself but please find a way to do it without denigrating people.
These are threats to people and their families. While freedom of speech may be something you hold dearly, making violent threats are not OK.
perhaps we could cool it down a little before this conversation turns nasty. thanks
I don't want to hamper your conversation but lets not resort to putting down groups of  people.
Have you ever met someone that identifies in this way? Take some time to think before you write / speak out against something you don't know
leave your views offline if that is what you think. thnks
If you could take out the name calling I might be able to understand your point and respond.
We do not allow hate speech here please refrain. Thank you
Using the term "tw-t" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. Thanks for your help in avoiding hate speech!
Please do not use inappropriate speech here. Thank you.
The pejorative term "muzzie," because it is denigrating speech directed at a religious faith, is not permitted here.
We would appreciate if you would not use hate speech. Thank you
"Re---d(ed)" as used here debases the speaker and may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families. Please avoid these terms.
Please use better language. Thank you
The "N word" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary, even as used in an attempt at humor.
No inappropriate language please. Thank you
None of us can say we agree with Trump 100% of the time, but we can say that we need to respect him as our leader.
Both sides look not very good if neither person is willing to be civil here.
Your language is offensive and shows a limited vocabulary.
That is a lot of anger over a simple Halloween post.
Trying to mock someone with slurs is not the best way to prove them wrong.
Your language is highly offensive and will not be tolerated.
Trump is always ahead of what we hear on the media. Do not be fooled by what we are told.
Discussion is good but when the derogatory terms are brought in you will look less convincing, as a note for the future.
Your language is offensive and unwelcome on this site.
Trump is not a dictator at all. People must spend all day making this stuff up. All Obama did was ruin healthcare.
If we dislike someone, we can find out something better to call them rather than a race. There are lots of colorful words out there too.
Bottom line is Kavanaugh was never guilty and I'm glad that's over with.
Civil conversation is always appreciated, we should try to avoid using any gestures that would seem off putting.
Your language displays a lack of character and personal control.
This is disturbingly racist. Please evaluate yourself.
GAB is a place where anyone can say anything. Witness that which you just posted.
This is entirely uncalled for.  Your language is derogatory and immoral, please do not use words like these.
The insult was really not needed, you could have got your point across just fine without it.
Gab will be gone because of all of your racist comments. Think about that.
This is absolute gibberish.  You hurl harmful insults at people just for fun, that is childish and needs to stop.
This is super sexist, and no need for the range of slurs. There are better ways to make your point.
I agree, and I'm a woman. I see it all the time, women being brainwashed by Facebook and other apps. We need to educate not lose our minds.
Why would you even say something this incoherent and think that it was meaningful.  You are just typing insults attempting to get a rise.
She also has feelings and is human, think about that.
I'm wondering how you know all this about her. Perhaps you were looking in the mirror.
Your language is uncalled for.  The things you say are derogatory and oyu should be ashamed.
Wow! This is not a place for that type of hateful racial language.
I'm sorry you feel this way. If only you could see the damage in using that type of language
Do not use a mental impairment as a way to insult others.
Woah! Please do not use that racist term when responding.
I'm sorry that you don't see the damage in using such language towards African-Americans.
Avoid using a mental impairment as a way to voice your opinion
You should try to refrain from comparing a person you don't like to a mental disability.
Do not use hurtful terms regarding mental impairments and religious affiliation on posts.
It would be more effective to respond like User 3 instead of using angry words to make your point.
Hate speech is not acceptable in todays society
There must be some way that you could describe that without alienating half of the population, dude.
Your points come across better without referring to religious beliefs or mental capacity.
Please rethink how you describe someone
The language you use makes it really difficult to understand what you are saying.
Vulgar language such as this is not acceptable in todays society
Attacking someone's mental capacity isn't fair, you never know if they really suffer from something.
Please rethink the words you type to be more accepting
Leave the mentally retarded out of this, he's just stupid. On that we can all agree.
Using disparaging remarks towards a group of people is not a good way to form rational discussions.
Typing horrid things to hurt people from behind a keyboard is very cowardice
One day you will open your eyes to the truth of your hate. You're a frightened, stupid group of little boys who need to get off the Internet
I understand that you are angry and disagree but please know that that language is very offensive and doesn't get us anywhere.
Wow! That language should be unacceptable!
Please know that that word can be very offensive and hurtful. There are other ways to show your frustration.
I don't understand why people refer to females by that term.
You can have your own opinion but please remember that that word is very offensive and hurtful.
That's offensive to those with mental disabilities.
You can have differing opinions but those words are hurtful and offensive. You can get your point across in other ways.
Nothing else useful to add to the convo, so you resort to being a racist.
Can you please not make racist comments thank you
Use of the n-word and slurs is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults blacks and others.
Hate speech is not tolerated on this platform. Your account has been closed and your IP address recorded and banned. Have a great day
Hate speech is not tolerated on this platform. Your account has been suspended. You can appeal this action by emailing a Moderator. Ty
Can you please refrain from making racist and insulting remarks to one another thank you
Max has insisted we remind you of our no hate speech policy. If your account has been closed you can appeal via email to a Mod. Ty
Sexist hate speech is not tolerated on this platform. Final warning. Thank you for your understanding.
Please ca you refrain from racist remarks and insulting ones to nationalities thanks
Hate speech is not tolerated here. Your account has been permanently closed via IP ban. Thank you and have a great day.
I'm sorry you have such a warped view on Jewish people.
Use of a word that is derogatory towards all homosexuals is not justified.
The use of hateful speech and derogatory words about another's sexual preferences is ignorant and unnecessary.
There is no reason to use such language toward women of any kind
Not all women are bad people; a word derogatory towards all women is not justified.
There is no reason to be using slurs towards white people
Not all homosexuals are bad people.
There is no reason to degrade the LGBTQ+ community to "win" an argument online.
That's not proper to use such language
A word that is derogatory towards all African Americans is not justified.
The use of hate speech is not needed and ignorant.
It's not nice to group all leftists into one group
You can put down the ideas of a lefty without the hate speech. People would listen to you.
There is no need to lump everyone of a certain political ideology together in such a derogatory manner.
No need to be so aggressive, those with down syndrome did not do you any wrong and it's not fair to use it as an insult
You could just not be cool with his ideas instead of resorting to the hate speech.
No one else is being insulting, and there is no reason to imply that someone has a very serious condition because they disagree with you.
Unless you are referring to someone personally, no need to generalize and be so mean to the Jewish people
This talk is beneath everyone here. You can disagree without that sort of talk.
I can't even understand why you would talk to other people like this, and why you would be so discriminatory towards a whole group of people
That's not very nice... unless you know him personally that's a lot of assumptions you are making
That's pretty extreme stuff that we can all do without. Try it.
What a nice thing to put on the internet, for everyone to see. It just makes you look nasty, uneducated, and rude.
Unless you are referring to someone personally, there is no need to group all the Jewish people and insult them
You can just put down the policy without the antisemitism.  You are perfectly capable.
What's sad is judging and discriminating against a whole religion and calling them names.
You seem to be a very angry person, I would change the attitude
your sad life is filled with hate towards others
Hi there, xenophobic and racist slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thx
If you don't like the music then leave, theres no reason to spread filth
i'd pardon your language, but i don't think your life matters
Please remove the aggressive talk from your speech and use language more uplifting.
Using the word retarded is very offensive to most people.
That word is offensive to disabled people. Find another way to describe your displeasure.
Please express how you feel with less hatred.
There is no need to bring race or sexual orientation into the conversation. We can all be adults.
Sexuality and race have zero to do with each other.
Please eliminate the language that uses debasing words to express your beliefs.
Using sexual orientation slurs is not appropriate and will not be tolerated.
The sexual slurs aren't needed to voice your disagreement.
Take out the offensive talk and use more edifying words please.
Don't say anything if you don't have anything nice to say.
Please avoid using the reprehensible language and make your comments more friendly.
There is no need to call names in an adult debate
This argument made sense until the racial slurs started flying. Please refrain from responding if you have nothing to add.
Despite whatever opinion you hold, that type of language is not tolerable
Your point could have been put across eloquently without  using expletives
While your views are appreciated, keep the language respectful to all!
How do you expect that to happen
Hateful language such as that is not tolerable or acceptable.
You are comparing a deferred child hood act with sycophancy all the best on the thinking cap
Homosexuality and religious views are not something to tease about or make fun of.
The color of the skin should not judge your actions.
Using words that attack someone's disability, faith or religion don't contribute to understanding.
Using that word is disrespectful and rude.
Why do you need to address by a certain slang or term instead of the name
Well, that was original.
I'm sorry you hold such intolerance toward people of different backgrounds
There must be a reason why you're writing in code. maybe you're afraid of getting caught, or maybe you can't spell.
perhaps this might be something you would be into, but I certainly don't want to read about it.
The person who wrote this is not in their right mind, obviously.
i dont agree with the ones who find little kids attractive and i dont agree with you
It's hard to take you seriously when you use that word.
This name calling does not do anything for the conversation, it only curtails it and makes it impossible to respond. Be kind and open
if thats the case then they should be rich
I'd like to have this discussion with you but can't if you insist on using slurs.
You can make the same point, but by using different words. This will allow people to more easily respond and discuss this with you.
think about what people call you behind your back
This is a debate I'd love to have, but I can't engage if you are going to use slurs.
Good job at having a conversation, but the hate speech and name calling detracts from that. Instead work to provide proof of what you say
just hold on to those grenandes
Your comment does not add anything to the post. Instead of calling someone a name, talk about what it is that you disagree with.
because he has respect
It's difficult to understand your stance when you use word like those.
Describe what you mean beyond basic phrases. Go deeper. Instead of using hate speech, say something that furthers what you are saying.
Please remove the trashy comments from the text.
Politics and political ideas such as the border wall or border guards are an issue everyone has differing opinions on. A very split issue.
people are because the internet is wild west
Please remove the objectionable language and put in friendlier words.
Trump shouldn't have the freedom to tweet as he pleases. It's disrespectful on various levels. No President should use social media to vent.
way to make someone feel bad
Remove the abusive talk from your commentary please.
Someones length of fame should not be concerning to those with no fame.
why is it so easy to see stupidity
Please watch your language and use more amiable words.
Good luck on your future endeavors. Hopefully your new job makes your happier.
i'm done so i don't care anymore
Please express your thoughts without the damaging language.
Not everyone may agree on Nazism but everyone has varying beliefs. The same way not everyone agrees on politics or religion.
It's not necessary to use derogatory slang when you could just use the word 'person' instead.
That word is highly offensive and displays a lack of character.
That word has a lot of damaging history and I would really appreciate if you not say that.
Be thoughtful of those you might hurt using that word, those with mental disabilities shouldn't be unfairly brought into this.
The word you used is highly offensive to people with developmental disabilities.
Please refrain from degrading all women by using those choices of words.
Using negative undertones and hateful words isn't really a good way to get people to accept you.
Your language is offensive and displays a lack of character.
That word has a lot of damaging history and I appreciate it if you not use that toward me.
You can disagree with someone without calling them names, it's mor effective if you leave those types of words out of the conversation.
Using words that demean someone's sex really takes away from the point you are trying to get across. More would agree without it.
Whoa there, Racist and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Please have this debate without using racist or homophobic language.
Please do not use derogatory homophobic slurs, racial slurs, or racial supremacy rhetoric.
Please refrain from denigrating people because of their race, religion or sexuality.
Please do not use derogatory homophobic slurs, racial slurs, religious slurs or racial supremacy rhetoric.
Please do not use language that demeans people because of their sexual orientation.
You point is noted, but becomes diluted when you choose to use language such as 'cunt'.
Please don't use derogatory words to describe people. It makes it hard for me to see your point.
It is better to judge each person by their character, instead of stereotyping an entire race or religion.
There is a strong chance that your point is lost due to ones emotional response to your negative words
If this is a topic you feel needs to be debated please do so with out using language that makes it hard for me to even read.
The fact that you feel it necessary to use this language speaks volumes of you. This does nothing for your point.
Lets try making our point without resorting to name calling please.
Name calling someone you've never met isn't going to solve anything.
You do have the ability to speak with people in your post that will not make them feel shamed for their gender.
I would love it if you would please find a better way to describe what is in the photo without using the derogatory words.
Name calling each other is not going to solve any problems.
There is a strong chance that your point becomes lost once your choice in words are used.
You do have the right to express you opinions but I could take you more seriously if you use less derogatory terms for people.
You come across as intelligent, but it would be even better if you got rid of the derogatory and insensitive explanations to communicate.
You can explain in your opinion why somebody is wrong without describing people in slang terms, it will reach a wider audience.
I don't think using words that perpetuate a negative stereotype by race show care or promote understanding.
If you're trying to be funny it's better not disparage ethnicity's, so that way more people can share in the humor.
Calling a group by their proper name would help other people to better understand what you are saying.
To define people by their religion shows your narrow mindedness as people act out of their perceived norms all the time
Explaining why you don't like someone is more beneficial than using coded speech.
Truly poignant commentary. Bravo.
If you have an opinion, say what it is instead of just calling someone a name.
Please refrain from using racist remarks thanks
That's not even a clever way to sneak in a racial slur.
Using such offensive language turns people away from whatever point you're trying to make.
I don't know how many times it needs to be said: Using the n word DOESN'T MAKE YOU SOUND COOL.
Using slurs makes people stop reading what you're saying.
"Tranny porn is unacceptable," says the person using hate speech.
You also should not be posting offensive comments.
Please do not use insulting remarks or remarks about disabilities thank you
perhaps you could reframe from using that word in the future
Slurs based on sexual identity are not permitted here.
derogatory remarks are not necessary in comments
that enough poor language, perhaps dont reply in the future if that is what you will put
Your post is both offensive and nonsensical.
profanity and racist comments are prohibited
leave the n word out of it just no need. please think who you may offend in future
Posts containing the n-word will be deleted.
keep profanity and derogatory remarks out of comments
that is creative but very offensive please leave out that language
Use of the n-word is not permitted on this site.
opinions can be stated without profanity and derogatory words
the colour of his skin should have not barely, leave out that language. thanks
Racial slurs weaken your argument.
racial derogatory and slander should be left out comments
that escalated quickly
That is an innapropriate way of describing someone and their family.
It is not okay to talk about people who are not here to defend themselves
i have no way to respond to this conversation
The langauge that has been used is wildly inappropriate
That word is know to be a form of hate and we have to stop using it
thats a lot of words for an educated man
That is an inappropriate word to be using
i'm sure the you're the most popular lad in middle school
That is an inappropriate thing to say in todays society
as people, we need to stop using that word
This is a violation of our rules please do not use hate speech here. Thank you
This site does not allow hate speech please refrain. Thank you
Just because someone is a different race, doesn't mean they don't have any feelings.
Please do not use hate speech here so all are users can enjoy our service. Thank you
Please use other language this is not allowed. Thank you
Use of the n-word and other slur is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults blacks.
There has to be another word you can use that is more respectful.
If you have actually been to Atlanta you would know that it's a nice city with friendly people.
That language is extremely inappropriate. Please use language that does not discriminate against a whole group of people.
You are literally just pushing the majority of republicans away from you because they don't want to be associated with racists like yourself
Using that word is extremely rude and insensitive.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their sexual orientation (faggots) and mental health (idiot)
California contributes a huge percentage to our nation's economy. Without them our nation wouldn't be as strong as it is.
That word is not appropriate. There are better words to use that get your point across without insulting a group of people.
its offensive to use the word 'raghead ' as its an attack on someone based on their religion
Generalizations like that have never proven to be accurate.
It isn't necessary to use that kind of language. It is discriminatory.
Please do not discriminate against or use terms that are offensive to a racial group or nationality.
That comment doesn't even deserve a response.
Woah, do not use hateful racial terms or sexually vulgar terms regarding females.
There's no need for name-calling. You have no idea who this person is, and it shouldn't matter anyway.
Once again, an example of the enlightened in America. Next time please back it up with evidence, and English.
Do not use hateful racial slurs when responding to others.
Those words are unacceptable to use in this context.
I'm guessing that this gentleman was so incensed by your comment that he couldn't type it out. Sad, really. We'd like to hear you.
Do not introduce that filthy language in this civil discourse.
Perhaps you could describe your comment in more civil terms.
Do not use sexually vulgar terms when responding to the female gender.
There is no way to know what kind of person he/she/it is. You should try to be a little more understanding.
Your comments show how juvenile you are, and how frightened of woman you really are. Please try again.
Do not use homophobic slurs when voicing your opinion to others.
You shouldn't use the waysomeone looks to put them down. That's a fallacious argument.
I'm not gay, but on behalf of the gay community, don't be so homophobic.
There is no point in being derogatory or calling others names.
Please do not use derogatory homophobic or racial slurs.
Come on, you know it's mean to compare people to those with real mental disabilities.
Just because you don't like someone's politics doesn't mean you need to speak in racist tones.
Please do not use derogatory racial slurs, anti-Semitic slurs, or white supremacy rhetoric.
It's disgusting to refer to anyone, especially a baby, with a racist slur.
Please do not use derogatory racial or religious slurs.
I would tell them that there is no need for name calling and you can win over people much easier with facts than that.
This language is ignorant and uncalled for. People deserve to be respected even if you don't agree with them. That is what I would tell them
There is a balance to the power that everyone is striving for and pointing the finger at any one gender or ethnicity isn't the answer.
I don't even know what they are talking about, therefore I can't help redirect it.
Just because you don't understand the reasoning behind other people's beliefs does not make their beliefs wrong.
There is no need to degrade those with serious disabilities to insult someone else.
Can we please stick to facts and not resort to name calling?
The use of grade-school insults degrading members of the LGBTQ+ community against another commentator is ignorant.
I understand why everyone is so upset, but can we please work together on a solution instead of attacking each other?
You could have made your point without using racial slurs and hate speech, and instead just presenting the facts.
Intelligent people do not need to resort to name calling and hateful language.
Being PC in regards to someone else's nationality is a matter of simple, human respect, not a weakness.
Perhaps educating yourself on other cultures rather than asking others to speaking ignorantly would be a better solution.
Using a slight against people with serious disabilities invalidates any good point you could have made.
There are more respectful and educated ways to say that.
Please stop using insults like these.  You could have expressed your opinion without using these words
You are dehumanizing people with mental disabilities when you use that word.
Your language is unwelcome in this post.  Please do not use thi language.
Name calling and foul language only leads to pointless arguments.
People can choose to follow whatever religion they desire, we should all try to get along.
It is unnecessary for you to use language like this.  You are insulting an entire group of people when using this language.
Talking down to others speaks volumes about one's character.
Please do no use harmful and offensive insults to express your opinion on these things.
You can describe people with different tastes as you using better terms.
You did not need to use language like this to insult someone.  You make yourself look terrible using language like this.
Using vulgar language like that to speak to someone speaks volumes about one's character.
That word is extremely offensive and insensitive to women.
Use of hateful speech regarding race and religion is unnecessary and not funny.
no needs to speak like that about jews, they have had enough abuse without you piping up. thanks
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation  and/or sex and gender and/or ethnicity in violation of Comm.  Guidelines and TOS.
Use of hateful speech regarding disability status is not warranted or humorous.
perhaps you didnt need to say that, you could explain yourself without the r word in the future please
Totally unwarranted to use hateful language about women while expressing your opinion.
perhaps you could edit out your last 6 words, certainly has no benefit to anyone.
Use of hateful language regarding someone's religion is not warranted or humorous.
blimey, no need for that language, trying an opinion without it next time please. then you wont get me moaning
Your post uses speech that denigrates religious affiliation and/or sex and gender in violation of Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
Totally unnecessary to hateful insult someone's sexual orientation while expressing a political opinion.
interesting political views but the f word doesnt help anyone
This kind of language has no place in a conversation of historical lineage.
There is no reason to deface an entire religion in that derogatory manner
Warmed over Naziism, antisemitism, anti-Islamic hatred, all combine here tediously. We suggest you cross out hate, and write in *LOVE*.
I understand this is hyperbole, but it's quite offensive to a number of people.
That's a very disturbing image and there's no reason to use gay slurs because of a differing viewpoint
"Fa--ot” is an offensive term and must be avoided. Remember: what you post online speaks volumes about who you really are. Think love.
Muslims have a proud and rich history and informed mch of the modern world, you should open your heart instead of being unkind.
Antisemitism and anti-Islamic hate speech is not permitted here. Thank you for your help in keeping hate away.
If you understand how it feels to have your race attacked, then you can see why it is wrong for you to attack another race
There's no reason to mock Latinos in that fashion
Ethnic hate (e.g. "wetbacks") is not permitted here. Thanks for your help in avoiding hate speech!
You might seriously consider seeking mental help if you feel that way.
Racism and the "n word" create an air of hateful menace. Such hatred darkens the future of the entire world. Please avoid it.
I'm not sure which side I'm on, but it seems to me that as intelligent people maybe we should abstain from name calling and hurtful words!
Get back to the subject, you children. How many women voted for Trump? That's what I want to know.
The use of hate language is unacceptable
While not the most offensive posts, maybe we could all work on using better language to express our opinions!
I'm not sure I understood what you were trying to say. Could you reiterate?
Even people that don't know what they're talking about deserve respect; I don't think racial name calling is appropriate towards anyone!
I haven't the slightest what a robo is. So the whole thing makes no sense to me. Please explain.
Please use better word to describe people
It is sad that the victim went through such a horrible thing, but I believe that using hateful language does not help improve the situation!
I thought I was on your side until you used that racial slur. Now I'm not sure who you really are and if I should even respond.
The words you have used are hurtful and should not be used
I don't think racist comments are very intelligent and I feel like we would be better off as people if we refrained from ignorant language!
What does it have to do with him being Jewish? If he were Christian you'd probably be calling him something else.
There is no need for your point to be provided here.
I understand your point, but watch the language a bit.  That word is quite offensive.
Please know that that word can be very offensive. You can still express yourself but I ask that you please do so without using that word.
People are going to focus on your insensitive language instead of your points when you speak like that.
I agree that everyone is entitled to an opinion, but I believe we can al get our points across without the use of meanness and name calling!
I believe we can all find more eloquent ways of expressing ourselves in our comments!
You are welcome to express your opinion but please know that can be very offensive to categorize a group in that way.
Ok, tell me how your really feel.  That word is disrespectful and not appropriate.
Everyone is entitled to their own opinions, but I think we should all try and use better language and less name calling!
There's other ways to express your frustration or opinion rather than using that word.
That word is really offensive to not only women, but many men too.
I believe there are so many, much better, ways to express our opinions!  I don't believe name calling and hateful speech is the answer!
Please know that that term can be very hurtful and offensive. There are other ways to express your opinion.
Please do not use racist and sexist language.
Name calling based on race speaks volumes about one's character.
Using foul language can show a lack of having a good vocabulary.
Using foul language speaks volumes about one's character.
Please express your views without language that is demeaning of women.
Using vulgar language speaks volumes to one's character.
Please do not use language that disparages women or other people's religion.
you are no better than anyone you spew your low brow mentality at
Please try to refrain from using racial slurs in your postings.
peoples personal lives are theirs, why would you worry about something that doesn't involve you unless you want to participate yourself?
Please do not use homophobic, racist or antisemitic language.
Please do not not use such language in your posting. It can really hurt someones feelings.
your hateful vile means nothing but you enjoying it yourself
Please avoid being derogatory of people's race, religion or sexuality.
Please refrain from using offensive language when addressing someones religious preferences. Its ineffective
I don't think that you should be using gendered slurs toward anybody.
Liberal's aren't bad people. Everyone has different political beliefs. A different belief isn't a reason to call someone a name.
I don't believe a word that is derogatory towards all women is necessary.
I wish that you would make more of an effort to remove this from your vocabulary.
I don't believe all women are bad people.
You are going down a really dangerous path of minimizing tragedies.
It is really offensive to call someone names, especially names referencing a disabled person.
Other words could have been used that have similar meaning but that are not derogatory; deranged is one example.
You shouldn't be so angry about someone disagreeing with you.
I know a lot of gay people, it' isn't necessary to call someone that. You never know who could be listening.
A word that is derogatory towards all homosexuals is not warranted; also, I don't believe all liberals are bad people.
Antisemitism is really dangerous and I wish you took this more seriously.
That is a very offensive term to many people, even myself that is non of those things.
Speech that is derogatory towards homosexuals and Jewish people is not necessary in my opinion.
Use of hateful speech regarding sexual orientation is cruel and unintelligent.
Please refrain from using hateful homophobic language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread.
That could never have been said and everyone could have gone about their day as normal
Use of hateful speech regarding race is unwarranted and unintelligent.
Please refrain from using hateful racist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread.
We can describe people of color without slurs like that
Use of hateful language regarding race is unnecessary while posting.
Please refrain from using hateful racist language in your posts.  It adds nothing valuable to the conversation.
Use of hateful language regarding race unwarranted and not humorous.
Please refrain from using hateful racist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation.
There's other ways we can describe this behavior!
Use of hateful language regarding sexual orientation is unnecessary and unintelligent.
Please refrain from using hateful homophobic language in your posts.  It contributes nothing of value to the discussion.
Different word choice would make a better point
Let's try and keep things professional, I'd like to be able to have a civil conversation with you.
That was a wonderful remark, obviously made by a well-educated man, as well.
I don't think that phrasing is productive to the conversation.
Name calling people you haven't even met isn't going to change anything.
You're obviously a frightened little boy. 
please go back to your video games and leave the adults to converse.
Can we maybe say the word we actually mean instead of equating beign gay with being stupid/terrible/whatever else you're going for?
How boring you boys are.
The percentages of white and black people on public assistance is nearly the same across the board, you may want to fact check.
It is better to judge someone on their character, instead of stereotyping an entire race.
I see whites living off the government every day here in Florida. No difference.
I wholeheartedly disagree, in America our country is made better by the contributions of a variety of people.
Just because you disagree with someone, doesn't mean they deserve to be ridiculed.
I'll bet if you were beaten and raped every day you'd want to flee, too.
It's OK to call out those who you think did something wrong, but calling them names isn't going to help people believe you are right.
Wow, His van was a serious a trump campaign
Being sensitive to the words you use will help get people to listen to you, adding derogatory words doesn't add to anything you are saying.
It's great when you can have the right to change religion and be accepted. awesome she found what she was looking for.
Somebody's sexual orientation doesn't make them more or less likely to commit a crime, so it isn't important in this case.
name calling to a man that will never see your comment. I wonder privileged information did he divulge.
Calling out a group you disagree with is fine, and many I'm sure agree, but using words hurtful to those not in that group isn't wise.
Rather he was a prophet or not, his right to take a life is not warranted. I hope he gets the punishment as well as treatment he needs.
Pedophilia is wrong, but so it making fun of someones mental capacity or sexual preference (with consenting adults) isn't helpful.
hopefully they get the message loud and clear. pedophiles will not be tolerated
Please purge the conversation from such hateful attacks on others.
The vile language used does not help to convince others to see your point of view.
You dont know what this couple will do or how they will treat their child. Your language makes people feel attacked and hurt.
Impart your feelings in a less objectionable way please.
Using such vulgar language to describe a woman show one's true character.
Eliminate the reprehensible words in your speech please.
You can get your message across without using racist language. And a call to violence is never the right thing to do.
Communicate your thoughts in a way that is not so dishonorable to others please.
When you reveal how you feel, please do it in a respectful way.
Making fun of someone based on their sexual preference speaks volumes about one's character.
You have no proof to your claims on Mathew Shepard. Your statement is only backed by religious intolerance.
You can side with President Trump without resorting to offend the female reporter for doing her job.
You are free to express your political opinions against the Democratic party, without using racial slurs.
Your racial slurs against this man don't help prove your point. You're being a bigot.
Its inappropriate to use the words 'spic / beaner' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race.
Using racial slurs show others one's true character.
You can not like someone without using insulting words in your reasoning.
You can get your point across without using language that discriminates.
No matter what side you are on, if you want your side to grow don't put hateful words in your responses.
There is a better word you could use here that is not so offensive.
Even if you think using certain words is alright in context, it's better to just leave them out to avoid confusion.
You can express your distaste for the subject without using such offensive language.
Using such a foul term to describe a woman shows a serious lack of respect.
The extra capitalized words really add nothing to your statement. Just say you don't like them and are glad they are gone.
The language used here is hurtful and rude. There is no need to use this form of speech to accurately express your viewpoints.
Name calling and foul language only creates arguments that fail to make any valid points.
I would like to know your main points, but there is so much back and fourth name calling that I think most people won't even read this.
Misogynistic hatred, "c--t," "bi--h," anti-Islamicism, and reveling in weaponized sexual assault--all will cause a ban of their author.
Terms such as what you have used are inappropriate and should not be used.
Disabled-bashing ("ret--d") and virulent antisemitism ("it's what Jews do." "Jew(s) control..."), hysterical here, are unwelcome and banned.
That is not a good way to respond to someone especially doing it from behind a keyboard
"Re---d" may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families, please try to avoid its use.
Please re-evaluate what terms you use.
Please describe people using better terms
change your language to better express yourself
There will always be different beliefs among people about the situation in Israel.  More understanding of all sides is needed.
There are many ways a person can express they are not fond of people without using words women find offensive.
Each person has different feelings and beliefs about the flag and it represents all of them, not just one.
We should we should all try to get along, we can all behave in an adult fashion when having conversations.
Who a person marries is a matter of the heart and not race.
As an adult there is no reason to use such ugly language in order to express yourself.
Consider how insensitive it is to use a word which has been used to offend disabled people before you use it.
Your view of the president's actions regarding ISIS needs to be researched a little bit better and with more understanding of the situation.
Please act as a mature adult and do not use a word to insult a person which has been used to offend people with disabilities up for decades
Everyone was having a rational conversation until you used hateful words, remove those and the discussion would be more productive.
More people would probably agree with you if you didn't slander a group of people.
Stop the chat box from displaying offensive words
Hi, Racist and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thank you
Using harsh language isn't very welcoming to new members of this group.
Ban users who uses bigoted insults
Hey, xenophobic and sexist comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
It's better to use facts and reasoning for why you disagree instead disparaging a broad group of people.
Ban users to hate jews
Using words like foolish and silly instead of one's demeaning the mentally challenged would be much better.
Do not allow offensive words to be displayed in the chat box
I see this all the time, white women AND men. Leave out the sexism. They're getting so lazy that they cannot even learn their own language.
She's doing a perfectly fine job of speaking English.
Leave out the sexism and racial slurs, and maybe I'd like this thread. Especially the last one. Everyone should take that course.
He has said his opinion, we can disagree and move on.
I swear, if I see that word one more time I'm going to go ballistic. Namely, taking a bat to your priv.....never mind. Just go away.
A threat is not necessary, let peaceful and civil voting handle things.
I don't get this reference. Mud can be all different colors. Even white.
People of all skin colors can be good or bad, skin color means nothing.
Can somebody explain what this person is trying to say? (Completely lost.)
We should all try to get along with each other.
There is no need for the use of this language.
There is not a need for "war", stop, think. We are all the same. Profiling is profiling and is just wrong no matter your race.
There must be another way to put that
There are way better ways to spend your time than name calling.
Please refrain from using racial slurs when describing the news story.
I am sure you have an intelligent point somewhere there but the only thing I was able to understand was the offensive langue.
Try using some different language.
Name calling and such is the mark of a simple mind.
It doesn't make sense to name call someone you've never even met.
That type of language is not necessary.
One's sexuality or religious beliefs should never be a factor.
We can find better insults than marginalizing homosexuals and people with intellectual disabilities. You guys are more clever than that.
the language that you use is incredibly offensive and immature.  you could express your opinion without ever saying these things
Let's discuss what you feel the lawyer is doing wrong, rather than attacking her sexuality or appearance.
Why does your language have to be so offensive.  You could have expressed your opinion without having to use this derogatory language.
Please avoid demeaning others because of their gender or sexuality.
I was following your point until you called someone with a different view a faggot. You can find a better insult that isn't homophobic.
Why do you need to use derogatory insults to express your opinion.  You could have lft that part out entirely.
Please don't use homophobic language.
Since there is nothing wrong with being homosexual, your insults do not actually put down the other person.
Why did you need to use such harmful and offensive language.  You could have posted nothing at all if this is all you had to say.
Please avoid disablity slurs on this thread.
Although colorful, your attack on gender is not welcome here.
Use of the n-word and r-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults people.
Your attacks on disability and race are not permitted on this page.
You need to think about how your language impacts others. Try talking about Cory Booker in a more respectful way.
Incorrectly identifying the PSs sexual orientation does not further your argument.
Even if you dislike Trudeau, that is no way to talk about him. You can get your point across another way without hurting people.
You CAN say anything you want, but you shouldn't.
Saying Hitler did nothing wrong is highly offensive to the millions who died in WWII. Please think next time.
Insinuating that someone is part of the LGBTQ+ community to disparage them is unnecessary, does not prove your point, and appears uneducated
Take out the offensive attacks on innocent people.
Explain your logic.
All your hate speech and discrimination doesn't stop the fact that the world is moving on from your brand of hatred and you are the minority
Please discuss your opinions in a way that is more understanding of peoples' feelings.
Pretty certain most pure bloods are mixed in their Europeaness or there would be more defects and diseases that are genetic.
Please deliver your views in a way that is not so hateful.
It's true that Eastern religions rely on the logic of past lives effecting your future life. Nice way to be taking responsibility.
After the intelligent and thought-out words presented, you chose to show unnecessary hate and ignorance in response. Keep it moving.
Relay your opinions in a manner that is not degrading to others.
It's so easy to be kind to a proud person and ignore meanness.
Please do not mention hateful words in your discussions.
Good by to bad trolls.
Why not respond nicer to the statement
Please be respectful to other users online who may not want to read the hate speech you posted. It is rude and hurtful to the recipient too.
Please respond better to a users statement
What was said was not needed and very disrespectful.
That is not a suitable way of describing someone
That is not a suitable response to someones statements
Referencing retardation as an insult is rude. Mental disabilities can be extreme hardships on families.
Please describe people better
That racial slur is disrespectful and shouldn't be used at all.
You can have the same conversation and make the same point and use different words. It will help you make your point more valid.
Your use of this word is unhelpful to the point you are trying to make. You can use a different word of a name and help to make your point.
Slow down and think before you post. There a better and nicer ways yo make your point without having to use this language. Kind is better.
It doesn't make sense to wish harm on someone you've never even met.
name calling takes away from the post. It does not add anything to the conversation and is impossible to respond to.
Name calling someone based solely on what the media says doesn't make any sense.
By using hateful words you are closing the door for people who disagree to talk to you. This can cause you to live in an echo chamber.
The N word and language denigrating race, ethnicity, or sexual preference is unacceptable. Please refrain from its use.
It doesn't make since to hate an entire group of people based on a stereotype.
We try not to use the "R" word to mean  everything you dont like anymore.
Hey, I understand that you may be affected by these issues, but please consider your language choice and how it may affect people
dont insult her when you are really trying to praise her. a bit strange i would say.
Name calling someone you've never met isn't going to help anything.
A whole religion cant be classified by one word.  let us know who you are talking about.
You views are very extreme, I think you should try to research some facts before commenting
i dont think you want to insult every woman everywhere when you are just upset with the "budget neo' lol!
there is no way an arguement containing hate speech gets taken seriously by 99% of people anymore. you really need to think.
Just because one person does something bad, doesn't mean their entire race is bad.
Please re-think your language choice. The n* slur is not appropriate and this is a very de-humanising comment.
This person doesn't deserve the use of a homosexual slur. You can be angry without the use of this language.
Name calling a person you've never even met isn't going to solve anything.
Linda Sarsour is free to practice her religion. If you don't like her political opinions, you don't need to insult her religion.
She has a right to her opinions on rich men, as do you. But you don't need to insult her to prove your point.
The holocaust isn't something to joke about. It is a real human tragedy and not be taken lightly.
Mr. Dyson can express his first amendment rights, as can you. Though, your racist anti-Jew rhetoric does more harm, than help your case.
Using a derogatory term against something you dislike is putting down those with actual mental disabilities.
You can effectively encourage people to vote by encouraging respect of yourself and to other people. Rudeness only takes us so far.
Using that word is not acceptable today no matter who it comes from. It's not relevant and provides nothing to the conversation.
Please try again.
That isn't necessary. Traits that a person doesn't chose should not be insulted.
You have successfully said an offense against three people groups.
Using names like that isn't necessary to validate your point.
Don't be hating on the church!
Using that word that negatively describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
Using names like that isn't good to validate your point. It's not relevant in today's society.
The R word is not an acceptable term to use. It is offensive to the mentally handicapped.
Just because someone likes the same sex, it doesn't mean they are less than you.
I don't think bringing up someones sexual orientation is useful in this context.
I can think of a million other things to call him without being crude.
It's better to say something like foolish or silly instead of insulting the disabled.
This doesn't seem factual and is causing drama that is unnecessary. We can do better.
It's more useful to disagree with someone in a way that doesn't necessarily insult them.
Kind of unnecessary response. Sometimes silence is the best answer.
It doesn't make since to make fun of an entire race based on the actions of a few people.
Making jokes on the backs of others doesn't add anything to the discussion.
CNN is in the wrong here. But.. Two wrongs dont make a right.
Just because someone has a mental disability, doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of.
Just posting the link and title without your opinion will form a better discussion.
Having the freedom to view things differently is what makes america great. Lets not spread hate because of this freedom.
This comment made me laugh because it sounded so absurd, but in all seriousness I feel it'd be better not to insult others with our speech!
Talking down to others and using name calling are very childish ways to express one's opinion.
It's sad to me that racism is so prevalent everywhere and I believe it's our responsibility to guard our speech against hate and negativity!
Using racial slurs to express one's opinion can make others think you have a lack of a good vocabulary.
I don't think it's deserved or fun to watch and I feel we could really do better for everyone if we could refrain from hurtful speech!
Replacing the vulgar language will allow others to take your opinion more seriously.
I do not believe that using hateful slurs to describe anything is appropriate and we should try to be more kinder in our speech!
Using racial slurs to put others down is equivalent to a toddler throwing a tantrum.
I'm aware it's difficult to get along sometimes, but I believe we should really try to be more positive in our actions and our speech!
There are way more appropriate words that should be used to replace the foul language.
I understand that you are upset but please know that those words can be very hurtful and offensive.
I think we could do well to remember that we all have opinions and feelings and hurtful name calling and try to use better words!
We may have differing opinions but those words can be very harmful and I wish you would use different ones.
Lying or not, we still need to have respect for others and ourselves and I don't think using hateful name calling achieves either!
Using a derogatory term against someone is mocking the people with actual mental disabilities.
I understand that you have a strong opinion but please be mindful when using offensive language. There are other ways to show your opinion.
People can be aggravating, but it's still wise to check ourselves and the words we use and how we are treating others in person or online!
This is sad!  Surely we have not stooped to such levels of hate and name calling that we have no sympathy for the less fortunate!
Just because someone is from a different country, doesn't mean they deserve to be harmed.
I understand that you have your own opinion but there are other ways to get your point across rather than using that language.
While people are entitled to their opinion, I think that hateful name calling is hurtful and can be detrimental to everyone!
Name calling the people you've never even met isn't going to solve anything.
I have an intellectually challenged friend and am uncomfortable with the way you are using the word retard.
Just because someone is not as smart as you, doesn't mean they are less than you.
I don't believe it's kind or wise to call anyone (including animals) hurtful and racial slurs and names!  We should strive use nicer speech!
You are calling for a hate crime. Examine why you are so angry before you are detained on suspicion that you will hurt someone.
While Kayne is a media mess, we can point this out without calling people retarded.
Using a derogatory term against the people you disagree with, is insulting to those with actual mental disabilities.
I'm not sure how this relates, but perhaps we could abstain from hurtful speech towards others of different persuasions.
Attacking people for their sexuality is a weak argument. One that Hell's Angels would not respect.
Argue your point without attacking someones ethnicity, that way even people like him may be able to see your side and agree with you.
Instead of insulting the mentally disabled, show how smart you are and cut out the access language.
Say she's wrong and explain why instead of referring to her sex, it's the best way to get a useful discussion going.
Just tell him why you think he's wrong, show how intelligent you are instead of how unintelligent you think someone else is.
Using the words silly or foolish makes a lot more sense in this context.
There is no need to degrade people with serious disabilities so you can prove how "stupid" someone else is.
Having a metal dissability is something serious and something I wouldnt wish to anyone, you shouldnt mock that.
Avoid using a mental impairment as an insult to others with different religious affiliation.
What someone does on their own time should not be any of your business. Just keep moving instead of hurling hate speech.
You have a valid opinion and I might even agree with it but why call someone a faggot when you can approach things in a different way.
Woah, please do not use that crude term regarding someones sexual orientation when posting on this feed.
If you have facts to back up those claims, provide them. Otherwise, no one needs just straight hate speech.
Everyone is entitled to their opinions and thoughs but insults are inesary and offensive, you can express your thoughts without the insults.
Please do not use sexually vulgar terms when referring to the female gender and do not condemn cultural backgrounds.
There is no need to be so insulting and derogatory when it is clear that you deserved your censorship.
Look its ok if your angry but that kind of attitude will only provoke rejection, racism is hate and pain for everyone.
Please avoid using hateful terms regarding sexual orientation and religious affiliation when posting feeds.
There is no need to degrade people with serious disabilities just to insinuate how "stupid" someone else is.
If you dont like the forum then you shouldnt insult others or mock a mental ilness, just dont read it and keep insults to yourself.
Do not uses a mental disability to disagree with others on posts.
This whole rant would have been okay without the last part. If you want to make a point, don't make it an angry rant.
Misogynistic hatred, "c--t", and antisemitic venom ("evil jew..."), because they are examples of hate speech, are banned from this forum.
We should clear ourselves from using such retorts on either side, we can get along easily.
Racist and misogynistic terms, far from being amusing, are examples of hate speech, so are banned from this forum. Please avoid them.
Things like this are better to be kept to ourselves in all honesty.
Grouping all the illegals together and calling for their execution is extreme and really not necessary...
Homophobic hatred ("fa--ot") constitutes hate speech and therefore should not be used here. Please avoid--thanks!
Homosexual slurs aren't useful if trying to get the point across.
I don't think calling him names is going to win him over to your side
Homophobic hatred ("fa--ot") and racism constitute hate speech and therefore should not be used here. Please avoid--many thanks! :)
I can understand how you're so frustrated, but using words like this doesn't show a morally positive side.
Misogynistic hatred ("bi'--c," "c--t") and advocating gender-based violence give ample reason to send this post to the sea floor.
I'm sorry you have such a warped view of African-Americans
Black people have the same rights given to everyone by the constitution. They have the right to life like you and I.
Please don't use words like that. You can make your point without ignorant language.
Tv and movies should show live as it is and that means that there should and will be people of every race in our programing.
You do realize that there are people all over the country of different races right? There's no need to adopt that sort of racist mentality.
Both a husband and wife combine funds during their marriage and so when the ends come all assets should be split accordingly.
You can be upset, but its not necessary to be so vulgar when expressing it.
Your argument would be much stronger without a pejorative attached to it. If you attack them instead of their ideas it shows yours are weak.
Please try using non-offensive words to make your point.
America did need the French to help free themselves from British rule. European and Islamic people do many key roles in the world you enjoy.
I hope your 1900 followers realise how discriminatory you are and follow someone with a little more respect for others.
Homophobic hatred, the "n word," and racism all are constitutive of hate speech; which is not permitted here.
Negativity does not open lines of communication.
Using "tw-t" to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. Thank you for your help in keeping hate away.
Name calling does not help deepen the conversation and understanding.
"Fa--ot" as used here is an offensive term and should be avoided. Thanks for your help in keeping Gab hate-free.
Perhaps a better understanding of who a person really is would be better suited to helping the conversation.
This kind of hatred only breeds more hatred and fails to open conversation between people.
Use of "the r word" may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. Thanks!
Please do not using the word 'cunt' when addressing people. Its very hurtful to others reading this post.
Calling people cunt is mean and does not help them understand your point anymore or any less. Please try and refrain.
The use of the word Faggot doesn't fit into this conversation. Please try to to be so offensive when address others posts.
Shaming someones religion doesn't help anything in cases such as these. Please try not to shame others for their religious and ethnic orgins
Shaming someones religious choices is shallow. Please try to post your opinions in a less offensive and more objective manner.
Using this kind of language is hurtful and not tolerated.
As a culture we need to end the racism that has begun and stop stereotyping every person and event.
I agree that these opinions are interesting, I still think that we should do our best to refrain from hateful speech regardless of subject!
Using this word to attack someone is not tolerated.
A person should not be degraded because of their political beliefs.
I am not quite sure what to take from this, but I do know that name calling denotes the user's comments and we should be more thoughtful!
Personal attacks and name calling will not change or help the situation.
This comment makes little sense, and perhaps would be more readily accepted if better language had been used!
This kind of talk is not tolerated, attacking people based on their race or religion is never okay.
Racial and religious generalizations are not necessary.
Regardless of our beliefs we should all try and follow the golden rule of treating others the way we would want to be treated; with respect!
Use of such language is not tolerated here.
A person should not be racially profiled.
While the sentiment is understood, I still think using more positive language is a better way to get your point across!
I can't tell you enough how unacceptable that language is. You can put people down without being racist.
Please avoid using language that degrades people because of their race or gender.
I can't change how you think but I think you can talk about how much you don't like their ideas without the homophobia.
Please express your views respectfully and in a way that does not promote hatred for others. Racist and homophobic speech is unacceptable.
I think there's a better way to say. You should try to find it.
That outlook is one thing but if you want to talk crime, talk crime. No reason to bring race into it.
Please do not denigrate people on the basis of their race or religion. It is not acceptable.
You can address the heinous crime without the racism. Give it a shot, respectfully.
Please do not leave comments that degrade others on the basis of their race.
Its inappropriate to use the words 'nigger mongrel' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race.
Woah! Do not use hateful terms regarding race and religious affiliation when responding to posts.
Avoid using hateful homophobic slurs when posting on this feed.
Lets refrain from attacking someones character to get a point across. There are real people that find these words offensive.
Refrain from using hateful terms regarding sexual orientation when responding to others.
Do not use a persons mental disability as an insult to others.
Please do not use homophobic slurs against others when responding.
Both disabled-bashing and racism constitute hate speech and therefore should not be used here. Please avoid--thanks!
Oh boy. Comment punctuated with incorrect grammar. Does not inspire confidence.
Racism and the "n word" constitute hate speech and therefore should not be used here. Please avoid--thanks!
This statement is highly suspect.
Homophobic hatred ("fa--ot"), antisemitism, "ki=e") being constitutive of hate speech should not be used here.
This degraded QUICKLY
So be more creative in your insults.
Misogyny and anti-Islamic bigoted hate are not allowed here. Please comply or *you* may be asked to leave--and we'll sure miss you!
There is so much going on here.
Please do not use homophobic or antisemitic language.
Use of the slur here is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults gays
You are putting a lot of effort into trying to be hurtful to people and exclude people.
Please note that language that demeans women is not acceptable.
I wish you wouldn't talk this way about a woman who is a stranger to you.
You should be more ashamed of using words like this.
Using a slur like that definitely does not make you look smart.
Racist language is not acceptable. Please moderate your speech.
You need to let go of your anger and not continue to lash out in this way.
Your choice in words are very offensive and you should try to be little more mindful of what you say.
Use of this language is hurtful, please refrain from using it.
The United States of America has many high achieving people who have immigrated from another company. It adds diversity and culture.
Please try to refrain from using that word to openly. It is very offensive to some people.
Using this language is hurtful and offensive, it is not tolerated.
Justin Crawford is not from the slave era I know it was wrong of him to do that though.
This is a very sensitive subject and shouldn't be made fun of. Your choice in words are inappropriate.
Using this language is offensive and not tolerated.
He was an Adult entertainer not really a job to be shown to kids, but he made the bullied homosexual kids at the school feel better
Someones sexual preference doesn't deserved to be ridiculed with your choice of words.
Using this language is hurtful and offensive, please refrain.
No its called Libertarian and they believe in less government - less taxes, less regulations more freedom.
Please do not use terms that discriminate based on sexual orientation.
I think 'they' should have to be held responsible for all 'they"  do.
I also am clueless and would be interested in being clued in.
They wouldn't have done that if the show were going to be a hit.
Not very many people speak English well, even natives.
Just because you do not like a certain nationality doesn't give you a right to use such language.
Use of this language to describe a group of people is uncalled for. Please refrain.
Just because one is different then you, doesn't give you the right to use such innuendos.
It isn't right to bash a religion or to call people names because they are different then you.
This language is offensive and uncalled for, please be kind.
It would be better to just call them a black person or African American.
This kind of language is not tolerated, please refrain.
It is not cool to suggest a person is going to have a certain type of sex.
Use of this language is not necessary and uncalled for, please refrain.
Political disagreements will arise your whole life, it's best to avoid that sort of language, it gives your opponents the upper hand
Russia and China are not going to nuke us. They will kill themselves in the process, and you know that.
Just because one person from a religion does something bad, it doesn't make the rest of the religion bad.
Just because one man has a problem does not mean all of them do. Are all white men evil? Maybe, according to statistics.
Grow up and stop name calling each other, you sound like children.
Wow, a little less name calling might make this readable, boys.
That doesn't exist, and you're just throwing words around to sound offensive. You come across as ignorant.
You're quite the well spoken man, and I look forward to reading more about what you have to say about this...NOT.
You could easily make the same point without racial slurs.
This could not be further from the truth. In the South, those that left the plantation were attacked by Whites.
Please elaborate, why did you think the reporter was retarded? Did you find this on the web? If so, where?
I get that we have different opinions but please know that some of those words can be really offensive.
The r-word is not acceptable on this page.
Yes, I agree. You should not describe people as such, just try explaining why the person was not to be regarded as "smart".
Please know that that word can be very offensive to people. Maybe try using another one to explain it.
The r-word is not acceptable on this site either.
Guessing you never read Voltaire.
That language doesn't get you anywhere in an argument. Please know there are other words that should be used.
Unless you are referring to a bundle of sticks, do not use that word on this thread.
Why is it always necessary to refer to anyone you don't agree with as gay?
There's no need to use those terms to refer to people. There are other ways to show your point.
Attacks on disability and sexual orientation are not permitted here.
I've seen worse from all sorts of people, including whites. How about the one with the kid in the freezer? She's mentally gone.
Please understand that some of those terms are offensive and do not help get your point across.
If you cannot refrain from using the n-word, please leave this page.
Do not use a persons mental impairment as a response to others.
The hate speech you used does not add to your post. You can say the same thing with a different adjective or none at all.
Just because you disagree with someone, doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you.
Please avoid using sexually vulgar terms against females.
There is no reason to name call as it diminishes your point. It makes you seem closed to discussion
Please refrain from using hateful homophobic terms when posting and responding.
There is not a reason to call someone this. If you were trying to make a oke, it was not funny. Crudeness does not equal humor.
Refrain from using racial slurs when responding to others.
Your posts are confusing because they are full of attempts at being hateful. Slow down, and work to explain yourself in kinder ways.
Using a racial slur to describe someone shows others you have a lack of a good vocabulary.
Racism and the "n word" are constitutive of hate speech and therefore should not be used here. Thank you for your help in keeping hate away.
That's no way to talk to people. Up the way you treat others.
Using racial slurs will make others think that you have a lack of a good vocabulary.
You can trash ideas but using those terms get you nowhere.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. Thanks!
Trash the ideas but without using antisemitism. It's beneath you.
The word "fa--ot" and homophobic hate are not permitted here. Thank you for your help in keeping hate away.
That''s a horrible way to refer to someone. Lets be better than that
Using a foul term to describe a woman shows a lack of respect.
Using the term "tw-t" pejoratively, and misogyny, are offensive and should be avoided here. Thanks for your help in avoiding hate speech!
Your discussion was fine until using that term. I don't think it's necessary.
Try to match the other comments and refrain from using harsh wording to better form you argument or opinions.
This hate speech is only going to rile people up. Talk more civilized and people will be more prone to listen to your argument.
Your communication would be more clear if you dropped the references to someone's sex.
I understand you feel strongly about this and I can see why. So many injustices happen but the use of such strong language isn't needed.
You can not like a certain group of people, but it's better to call them by their proper name.
Man, all this does is incite more hatred. It's better to be kind to others.
It is not good form to generalize a diverse group of people.
I can understand that you're rather upset over the injustices that happen to people but this will only bring more hatred. Kill with kindness
Whether their career is affected or not this kind of speech shouldn't be used by anyone.
If you disagree with this person, you can just leave the conversation instead of resorting to hate speech.
This kind of language and hatred does not open a conversation.
Hateful slurs toward this women are in poor taste, and will not be tolerated.
Name calling does not help with conversation and learning others' perspectives.
Belittling this women for her gender is childish and in poor taste. You don't have to agree with her, but be mature.
Calling someone a name is not helping build workable solutions.
If you're statement is implying racial biases toward African Americans, and homosexuals, you need to leave the conversation.
Because a person is white does not mean they should be racially profiled.
Your extreme hate speech- fueld
Putting others down in order to express your own point of view can make others form and unfavorable opinion of you.
The foul language used only shows a lack of having a good vocabulary.
One's point would be taken more seriously if it did not have vulgar language in it.
Using racial and gender slurs speaks volumes of one's character.
Please do not discriminate against or use terms that are offensive to a religion or are demeaning to women.
That's a really awful way to talk about a race. I think you can do better than that.
That's not something that elevates the discussion. You can be better.
You can put down terrorism without being racist. You can do better than this stuff.
This type of language is just beneath you both. Please do better than this.
That's not really a productive way to voice an opinion on this.
I am interested in the comments, but I think the points made would seem more valid if we refrained from hateful and hurtful speech!
While this may be a valid point, I feel that the use of racial slurs in this comment retract from the intelligence of it!
Your language is offensive and has a history of being used in a derogatory context. Please choose other words next time! Thank you.
I don't think calling it that was very appropriate or considerate!  As commenters, we need to be careful not to use ugly speech!
Please refrain from using such derogatory and hateful language. Instead, opt for more universally accepted terms! Thank you.
Neo-naziism/racism/bigotry seems to inhabit these posts, so they would be subject to a ban here.
You can harass him without the name-calling
Please refrain from using such offensive language when addressing other users. It can be very hurtful.
The "n word" and "fa--ot" offend many and so do not belong in intelligent commentary.
Ignoring your offensive language, you seem to think these platforms are free and built to serve the public good, like socialism
Please stop using this type of language to describe people. It does nothing to help our communities.
Misogyny and antisemitism stain this post with hated, and so, its author may be disinvited from the Gab-o-sphere.
You're not only racist, but violent to boot! There's no need for all that. Let the hatred go!
Please don't use the word 'cunt' to describe women. It doesn't help anything, it only hurts people.
Racism and antisemitism blemish this post irredeemably.
Praying you grow out of your racism phase. The say the cure is exposure. Don't be afraid to make friends offline.
Utilizing such language to describe a race of people is not helpful to anything. Please do not do this.
Disabled directed hatred, misogynistic hatred, and homophobia besmirch this unfortunate post.
YIKES! Don't be so eager to use offensive language. That's no way to express yourself. I know you're more than hateful words and fear!
When addressing someone, it maybe more helpful to address them by there username rather than these derogatory terms being used.
Language denigrating ethnicity or sexual preference is unacceptable. Please refrain from its use.
Language denigrating religious affiliation is unacceptable. Please refrain from its use.
You don't know anything about their relationship and it's ridiculous to think that you do.
You are so much more than a slur. Respect yourself!
Please refrain from using derogatory terms for mentally handicapped people. Aim criticism at the institutions and their policies.
Please do not use terms that are offensive to those with disabilities.  Please do not discriminate against a religious group.
You're making broad, sweeping generalizations about an entire population- that's not fair.
Please do not use terms that are offensive to a racial group or discriminate against a religious group.
You obviously have no idea what you are talking about- it's not okay to treat Jewish people that way.
Please refrain from using derogatory terms for the mentally disabled.
wow please calm down there may be children reading this. please delete if you want to make a mends
Hate speech against someones race is barred on almost every social media platform, including this one.
chill out matey, no need for that.
Slurs against people's race and disability really invalidate any point you were trying to make.
no need to mention her colour, that doesnt have anything to do with it
Feel however you want about a television show. But using it to attack people's religion, gender, and body is uncalled for.
perhaps leave that language out of it next time, doesnt make you look clever
Slurs against someone's race or gender is completely unwelcomed here.
please the the * in the n word but would have been easier to leave it out altogether me thinks
There is no need to attack someone's race over a political disagreement.
Using the word 'Twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their race (nigger) and sexual orientation 'tranny faggot'
Use of the n-word and other hatred is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults blacks and others.
Sad that people resort to speaking to each other in this manner!  We should be encouraging positivity, not spreading hateful speech!
I can't see what purpose you might have had in posting something ugly like this.
I find this kind of language offensive.
I wish we could be more kind towards others!  I think we all should be treated equally and do not deserve to be called such awful names!
All of these things are hurtful stereotypes and you should think better than to spread them.
Men, in general are violent, no matter what race they are from.
I don't think this is funny and neither would most of the people around you.
The word refers to sticks or cigarettes. How it came to be is not interesting. Get a dictionary.
While violence is never ok, I don't believe aggressive name calling and racial slurs are the proper response to this situation!
He looks straight to me. Just a violent man getting his kicks. It's a shame.
Isn't it possible for you not to be rude when you post? Your post would have had more weight, and more of us would have read it.
Do not use racial slurs when posting on the feed
Most are crossing the border in order to get into our system, not coming like Mad Max to rape and pillage. They want money.and freedom.
Avert yourself from using racial slurs when responding to others.
Well, I won't argue that Trump is an "r", as you put it. But it demeans retarded people to compare Trump to them.
Do not use a mental disability to voice your opinions.
I don't know about you, but the last few rapes and killings were done by white men here in Florida. In fact, recently, all of them.
Please do not use hateful racist terms when voicing your opinion.
Oye, using that kind of description really makes you sound worse than him.
Please do not use hateful homophobic slurs and mental disabilities as a way to voice your opinions.
Using such deplorable speech makes others disregard your opinion.
Using this language to describe a person or group of people is not tolerated.
Please do not use racist language. It is not appropriate.
Use of this language is not tolerated and uncalled for. Please refrain.
It is not OK to use that type of language to refer to a woman. Please express yourself more moderately.
Please do not make such evil comments. Words like that negate your point.
The use of this language is not tolerated, please remember to be kind.
Please do not use racist language. It is inappropriate.
Using this word is not necessary. Please be kind.
There are many better words that should be used to replace the foul language.
Offending women by using such a foul word shows a serious lack of respect.
Using foul language makes it difficult for others to see whatever point it is that one is trying to make.
Using racial slurs is a very childish way to describe someone.
Its inappropriate to use the word 'nigger,Paki' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race.
Anti-disability slurs are not appreciated here.
Homophobic posts will be deleted from this page.
Please don't use homophobic or antisemitic language.
Use of the slurs here is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults people with mental disabilities and gays.
A variety of opinions are welcome on this page. Slurs are not.
Please do not use language that demeans people on the basis of nationality.
Ethnic slurs are not permitted on this thread.
It doesn't make sense to name call people that you haven't even met.
Please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabilities or racial slurs.
Race is not something one can control, and thus it is not fair to use derogatory language towards this aspect
It is better to judge someone based on their character instead of their race or lifestyle.
Please do not use derogatory religious, homophobic, or racial slurs.
That term is extremely offensive and insensitive to women.
Out of respect for our fellow female Redditors that term is not tolerated. Please review our user policies and considter this a 1st warning.
I get that you are angry but insults are not ok and they definetely dont fix the problem.
That is very racially insensitive and offensive.
Your account has been closed. You can appeal this ban by emailing a moderator. In the meantime we insist you review our user policies.
Why use the word nigger, its insulting and disrespectful, that word generates a lot of pain and distress so stop it.
Please be more considerate and accepting of all sexual orientations.
Your account is suspended suspended. Reddit is an inclusive community. You can appeal this ban by emailing a Mod. Thank you
If you dont agree with others then thats your right but when you use the word faggot it stops being ok.
We do not tolerate such language on Reddit or such sexist terms. Please review our user policies. Final warning. Thank you
You can disagree with others, politics can be heated but insults are not appripiate specially if they promote hate.
Using a derogatory term against someone you dislike is mocking the people with actual mental disabilities.
Unfortunately nobody is going to listen to your argument when you use vulgarities like that.
Your language is not welcome here and displays a lack of character.
Instead of calling out people, explain your definitions.
I hear you, but you could back off the usage of the racial terms.  They are offensive.
That isn't even a real word. Try using nicer terms to describe people.
That is quite offensive.  I get your point, and it actually is quite funny, but it is still offensive none the less.
Your language is highly offensive and is not welcome here.
No women likes to be raped that is awful to say.
You make a decent point, but your argument is diluted by your use of the offensive words.
Your language is offensive and unwelcome.
Free speech is necessary but we need to be adults and stop commenting like children.
I agree that it's good to hear that people are standing up to them, but you might want to back off the language a bit.  It can be offensive.
Your language is highly offensive and unwelcome.
Be careful how you post and respond on Twitter. They are not going easy on this anymore. Also, no man deserves an assault.
A world without conflict would devoid of any life.
Fire engines at the ready.
Class and race disparities are the basis of most agendas because they cause the most emotional responses.
Ignorance has a platform and needs one.
Hmmm, maybe he SHOULD dress like the rest of the DNC to fit in.
There's no need to use hateful slurs to make your point.
That word has a lot of damaging history and I appreciate it if you not use that toward me. Also they are American
Please know that grouping people together as a negative thing or using those terms can be very hurtful and offensive.
That was really uncalled for. Comments like this only continue the hate.
Please know there are other ways to express your opinion without using that language.
Stick to courteous language and more people will listen.
There is no reason to call him that because of a different viewpoint
We may have different opinions but please know there are other ways to word your frustration rather than using offensive language.
There's no need to be offensive.
I'm sorry you have such a warped viewpoint of African-Americans.
That type of language can be very harmful and offensive. Please know there are other ways to go about this.
There is no reason to objectify women because of a different viewpoint
I understand that you have your own opinion but please know that there's ways to express it other than using that harmful language.
This kind of language is uncalled for and not tolerated, please refrain.
It would be easier to discuss what she is doing if we could focus on her actions instead of only attacking her character.
Using this word is not tolerated, please be kind.
While what they did was wrong, there is another way to express that.
Yes, diversity and culture really make the US a special and unique place.
Use of this language is uncalled for and not necessary, please refrain.
Even if what he did was wrong, there is no reason to destroy his life; those who support this are stooping to his level.
I don't see any reason to attack immigrants and use profanity.
If you look at the news, research, statistics, and global trends you will see that they are not malevolent.
You can put down his ideas without the hateful type of speech. You can do better.
If you're trying to call someone stupid, hate speech doesn't do that
Let's put down actions without homophobia. There's no reason we can't.
The message would have gotten across without the last two words
The Antisemitism doesn't need to be a part of this discussion. You can improve on that if you tried.
This seems to be wound up a little bit too much, we can discuss this without these words and caps
That's beyond over the top and hard to follow. But that hate speech has no business here at all.
You have compassion for weird things, but you could use different words and seem a lot more thorough!
Use of the slurs and rank hatred here is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults and alienates others
Using a racist reference is beyond the pale and unnecessary. You can do better, bud.
I don't understand the context but that isn't a real civilized word to use
It is better to judge someone based on their character, instead of their race or lifestyle.
This post is so painfully ignorant and hateful. It shows lack of respect you have for all human beings, including yourself.
The hateful language in this conversation is totally unjust and not humorous.
Using such language only shows your hate, and does nothing to address the subject or make an argument.
Use of hateful terms regarding sexual orientation are unwarranted.
Neither arguments make much sense here, but using such hateful language shows how truly racist you are.
The hateful language about race in this conversation is totally unjust, unfunny and primitive.
Just because someone is a different race or religion, doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of.
These broad generalizations only show your hatred and ignorance.
Use of hate speech concerning race is unwarranted and unfunny.
This argument doesn't make sense and your use of the n-word shows only hate and disrespect.
Your use of hateful speech regarding an entire group of people is unjust.
I'm sorry that you have such a warped view on gay people, despite this person being polite to you.
There's nothing wron with being gay. It's not the insult you think it is.
I think there's a better way we can handle this and I'm curious to learn more about why you feel this way. Can you help me understand?
I'm sorry your anger has resulted you in using such language
This act of violence is no allowance for you to denigrate a whole race of people.
I don't think we have to define what is more upsetting – what happened to her is awful, but at the same time we can still not be racist.
I'm sorry you have to resort to such language, but being different shouldn't mean they are a gay slur
There's nothing wrong with being gay.
Must we use that language? It takes away from any sort of intelligent comment you may be trying to make.
I'm sorry you have such a warped view on gay people.
It's very immature of you to use those slurs and have this anti-gay mindset.
Those sentences don't even make sense. Maybe try using intelligent language next time.
When talking about someone elses religion please think to be polite and not be rude whilst hiding behind your keyboard
A persons religion does not define them, do not be so vulgar
A persons religion should not be shamed the way it is here by someone hiding behind a keyboard
Please find a different way to display your opinion and refrain from such language.
The both of you need to think of better ways to disagree without resorting to hate speech
Please try not to use the words that will cause someone to be hurt by what you're saying.
Just because you're angry is no reason to use that word.
Please try to refrain from using offensive language when speaking about this subject. It isn't polite to speak this way.
When you use words like that it disparages the horrific plight of all women.
Please don't refer to peoples race in such a manner. Its rude and hurtful to some.
Don't be so hateful. There are so many good things in this world, don't make yourself miserable with hatred.
Really, the only person using foul language is you, user 2. Why not say it without spraying it?
Language such as that is very inappropriate
Good grief, this isn't a discussion, it's a mud-slinging fest. How boring.
That is not an acceptable word
How juvenile. Did you actually mean to say something? I didn't get it. Sorry.
Comments like this are so ridiculously boring. I hope someone can come up with something a little more descriptive, without the slurs.
Finishing your argument with that word, makes everything you just said, invalid.
I can't understand a word you just said with all that bad talk. Improve your argument and try again.
Speaking in that manner makes the other side look more intelligent.
Just because someone is a different religion, doesn't mean they are a bad person.
I don't think referring to them in a sexually explicit manner makes your argument valid.
You can say your beliefs and not be offensive. This was highly religiously offensive.
I'm betting that you don't smell any better.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack a person based on their gender such as 'bitches skanky cunt'. Refrain from such words.
You're not going to have many people taking you seriously when you use vulgarities like that.
This kind of language shows that you're very insecure.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack a person based on their gender such as 'cunt'. Refrain from such words.
Nobody is going to listen to you when you come across like that.  It's really offensive.
It might be good if you could use actual words to describe what you mean.
Its offensive to use words that directly attack a person based on their race such as 'wetback, beaner, and spic'
It will be hard for somebody to take you seriously when all you do is put out racist terms and no legitimate arguments.
I've heard that some white people would like them removed as well.
I understand you point about keeping the monuments, but your argument is diluted when you insert the racist words.
I find your language to be demeaning to all women. Please find another way to express yourself.
I understand you don't care for her, but using words like that with violent rhetoric will only turn people against you, not her.
Your accounts have been closed and your IP addresses recorded and banned. Have a great day
It is absolutely insane to believe that who a person chooses to be with would discredit them in any way as a human being.
We certainly should change our word choice here if we don't want to sound offensive
The fact that one atrocity exists, in no way takes a way from the horror of another. You can sympathize with more than one group of people.
Don't need to call them retarded because its a heat of the moment
Your account has been suspended. Sexist hate speech is not tolerated on this platform. You can appeal by emailing a Moderator. Thank you
Your ability to write seems to match your ability to think critically.
We can simply refer to her as a girl right?
Hate speech referring to persons with disabilities is not tolerated on this platform. Final warning. Thank you for your understanding.
Using ableist language can be just as upsetting as using racist language to some people. I would revise my language if I were you.
This isn't a nice way to refer to our enemies even
If you want to call someone mean words, we can find a lot of better vocabulary for it.
It is better to judge someone on their character, rather than a stereotype of their lifestyle.
Half of the insult was good, we should try to make a fully civil insult if we want to prove anything.
It's hard to prove a point to someone who is acting quite civil when you use derogatory language.
There is a good way to portray your opinion without sounding too offensive, this would help better get everyone's point across.
I know sometimes it is necessary to take action against certain commenters, but perhaps we could still be polite in dealing with them!
When you use the word "retarded" to insult someone, it is disrespectful to people who have a general learning disability.
Any death is a sad thing, but I believe we should still work on keeping ourselves clean and free of hateful speech!
Your summarization of this news story is inaccurate and discriminatory towards persons of a particular race.
Some people are crazy with their comments, but I feel like we should continue to act in ways that are morally upright and polite!
The contemptuous term and description used here is disrespectful  and hateful to persons of a particular race.
It amazes me how much racism there is in the world and I can only hope that we will rise above the hate and really work on better speech!
Not all persons of a particular nationality, race or religion can be grouped into one racist description. Some are good and some are bad.
It doesn't make sense to make fun of someone that you haven't even met.
Just because someone is less intelligent than you, doesn't mean they are less than you.
I am not thrilled with the president either, but I don't believe we should use such hateful language against anyone!
Antisemitic hatred and disabled-bashing venom (the "r word") are both banned here. Thank you for your help in keeping hate away.
I feel like arguments can be interesting, but we should practice better speech habits and language!  Using hateful words doesn't help!
Hey, xenophobic and derogatory slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Misogyny, gay-bashing, and accompanying hate speech are not permitted here. Remember: there's no room for hate and violence in this world.
These comments might be a joke, but I think it would make us appear better if we used less hateful speech and more intelligent words!
Hey there, xenophobic and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used.  Please refrain from these types of comments.
The "n word" is constitutive of hate speech, which is not allowed here, as it darkens the future of the entire world. Please avoid it.
I know we are entitled to our opinions, but maybe we should be more careful and work on using cleaner language when expressing thoughts!
The use of "fa--ot" here as a pejorative is patently offensive and should be eliminated. Words have power, be careful how you use them.
I get that some people are aggravating, yet perhaps we could rise above it by not being so hateful and hurtful with our words!
Whoa, derogatory and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Please do not discriminate against or use terms that are offensive to a religious group.  Do not use terms that are demeaning to women.
Please do some research. Most Jewish people, like any race, are not bad people.
God only wants us to love one another regardless of our differences. It is he who judges, not us.
Please use the term 'person of color' in the future. Although, is had absolutely nothing to do with the original post.
Wow I cannot believe a Governor would burn a flag. That is the ultimate disrespect for a country you say you love.
The n* slur is not needed here.
It happens all the time. A tragedy occurs and then the real personality and heart of a person shows.
Because she is a woman and women deserve respect.
This is unacceptable. If you wish to continue a reasonable conversation I would refrain from using racist comments and try to be more mature
we should leave the n word in history along with slavery
If you would like to communicate this matter more maturely, please direct message me.
there are better words to describe people
I will kindly let this conversation go. Thank you for your time.
stupid is an acceptable word to replace retard
I think you have some positive insight on the matter, but I completely avoided it, considering your insult.
Would you be willing to hold a decent conversation about this? I don't particularly listen to immature replies.
Whoa there, sexist and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
the use of faggot to decribe america as being weak is unacceptable
There are multiple offensive words in your sentence; I encourage you to be considerate to others when choosing how to express yourself.
I want to persuade you to be more sensitive to all people of color. Making generalizations about other groups is threatening and unjust.
Your language choice is troubling. We should all be allies to the black community, not enemies!
A word derogatory towards all African Americans is not necessary.
Your language is divisive and ignorant of the black community. I think you should rephrase your sentence.
Using a word that is derogatory towards all African Americans makes me wonder why there is hate for African Americans.
I think all groups are of value to society. Your language is derogatory. Please reconsider your use of offensive words!
African Americans as a group of people don't deserve to be condemned.
Any one who is raped should call the police. You should call your doctor. You are obviously not coming from a healthy place.
Diversity is what makes us great. Your comments sound a lot like a dog whistle.
Name calling someone you've never even met isn't going to solve anything.
As an Italian American I am more upset with your language than his love life. Racism has no place in our culture.
While horribly misspelled, your insult is both abhorrent and juvenile. I would advise finding a new one if you want to actually make a point
Even though it's obviously for cheap shock value, your comment is disgusting none the less. There is no room for hate here.
No hate speech is tolerated on this platform. If your accounts have been closed consider the ban permanent and IP based. Thank you,
We appreciate civil discourse but cannot tolerate hate speech. If your account has recently been closed consider it a permanent ban. Ty
Your account has been temporarily suspended. We do not tolerate sexist hate speech on this platform. You can appeal via email to a Mod. Ty.
Hate speech is not tolerated on this platform. If your account has been closed consider the ban permanent. Thank you and have a great day.
Hate speech of any kind is not tolerated on this platform. If your account has been suspended you can appeal this action via email to a Mod.
It is better to judge someone based on their character instead of their race or religion.
The "n word," since it offends many, has no place in intelligent commentary. Remember: there's no room for hate this world.
Please stop using offensive language.
Using these words are not tolerated, please be kind.
Anti-Islamic hate speech must be avoided here.
Please do not use offensive terms or single out a group of people.
Please be kind when posting, use of this language is not tolerated.
"Re---ded" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. Thank you for *your* help in keeping hate away.
Stop using offensive language.
The "n word"" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary. Thanks for your help in avoiding hate speech!
Using this language is uncalled for and not tolerated here.
Bigoted hate speech containing the "n word" is not permitted here. Thank *you* for helping *us* keep hate away!
Stop using racist terminology.
Using this language and attacking people because of race is not tolerated here.
Removing the foul language will make reading the post more pleasurable.
Hi there, xenophobic and derogatory views are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Speaking down on someone speaks volumes to one's character.
It's OK to show your pleasure and excitement without using sexual profanity.
Your statement is hard to read and it is distracting when you use harsh language.
I'd like to have this conversation with you but can't if you're going to use slurs.
Instead of yelling at someone directly who you don't agree with, just state your point and more people will take the time to read it.
This is an interesting perspective but it's hindered by your use of slurs.
Language denigrating  women, religious affiliation, or sexual preference is unacceptable. Please refrain from its use.
Your choice or wording comes off as hurtful to people who really have mental development problems.
Using that word is a poor reflection on your character.
Language mocking the mentally challenged is unacceptable. Please refrain from its use.
Talking about intolerance while displaying intolerance contradicts your statement and could be confusing to others.
It's difficult to understand your perspective when you use that word.
What someone wears should not classify their self worth or them as a person.Thats a poor stereotype to make.
Hate speech is not tolerated on this platform. Your account has been closed. You can appeal this action by emailing a Moderator.
If you don't like what someones saying or doing, it is your personal choice to take offense to it. It's easier to ignore someone.
Hate speech is not tolerated on this platform. This thread is closed. If your account is closed you can appeal by emailing a Moderator.
That is a very racist comment to make. As humans we need to be more careful of how we say certain things. Racism shouldnt exist.
This thread is closed. If your account is closed consider the ban permanent. Thank you and have a nice day.
How someone looks is not your personal problem. How you act and your choice of words is however.
Your account has been closed. You can appeal this action by emailing a mod. Opening a new account will result in a permanent IP based ban.
You should ignore how people perceive you in public and work harder on establishing better language as that is equally offensive
you have a lot of hate built up inside you
I sympathize with wanting to never give up on your kids, but I feel we could do without the offensive name calling and racial slurs!
That''s terrible that things went bad but you can tell that same story without the racism in it.
i like pudding say that to my face
I think you can talk down the idea without using that language. You're better than that.
i would like to sit down and hear your stories one day
I know what it feels like to be triggered, but perhaps we should all remain calm and use more appropriate language to express ourselves!
You can make these points without resorting to that. Come on now. You can do better than this.
again with the misused word it cracks me up if only people knew the real meaning
I agree that everyone is entitled to their opinion, but I don't think calling people hateful names is polite or flattering!
You can just put down her music without calling her that sexist term.
It is inappropriate to use the word 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race.
don't use the n word please.
please don't judge other
It doesn't make sense to name call people that you've never even met.
Its inappropriate to use the word 'nigger or nigga' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race.
watch your mouth please.
Just because someone is a different race than you, doesn't mean they are less than you.
dont make fun of people wight
stop labeling  everyone
Hi there, user 1! Let's try not using that kind of fowl language. There are other user's here and I'd hate for them to get the wrong idea.
It's quite sad how interracial couples are judged, to this day. That's the state of TV these days.
I know racism is an ugly and prevalent thing, but perhaps we should try and negate this hate by using better and cleaner speech!
I think both of you guys need to take a step back and think of the other person in this situation.
I'm surprised. Whites have used African- Americans as slaves for centuries. Bet you're better than them.
I really don't agree with the comments and the hateful words.  We should be building each other up, not hating and tearing each other down!
That may be your opinion, but that is absolutely unacceptable.
You must be a very frightened, sad, white male.
I feel like conversators might be viewed as more intelligent if we could abstain from racial slurs and hateful language!
Let's realize that they are here to help us.
I bet that you would run faster, sir.
Even though we might not agree with certain people, I still believe we have a responsibility to refrain from using hate in our speeches!
Your entitled to what you believe to be fact, fact of the matter is that we all have the right to vote and will get to again soon.
Yes, uneducated whites put Trump in office. That's why we are in this position. It will be over soon, though.
I don't agree with what the president is doing, but using aggressive and harsh language towards others is not the answer to the problem!
Hate speech against someone's entire race or religion is cheapening any actual point any of you were trying to make.
I don't think using words to demean a persons faith, race, or reference a women's genitals are careful in conversation.
It is so not necessary to bash someone outside of your race with nasty comments.
Disagree all you want but slurring the disabled is completely uncalled for.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature or demean someone with a mental disability contribute to a productive conversation.
Really is not necessary to call people names.
Using hate speech against an entire race says more about you than it does them.
I don't believe your language is very becoming in how you reference the race of a culture.
Attacking the disabled or an entire religion does not help further this conversation.
It seems to me it would be better to talk civilly and not degrade one religion and call each other names.
There is no need to attack an entire race, religion, or sexual preference with slurs.
It would be best to choose a different tone and not degrade others for their race and religion.
It's annoying to be antagonized, but I believe there are more intelligent ways of getting points across; such as using cleaner language!
Well, maybe you should give online a rest.  Maybe you'll find that getting in touch with nature will make you less prone to being triggered.
A faggot is a cigarette fyi. Do not rise to someone pushing your buttons. There is help for sociopaths if you google it you will find #.
Some people's actions can be sad, but I think using hateful language in our comments is sad as well!  We are better than that!
Maybe it's just reflecting reality.  In the real world there are racists, grumpy people and impetuous rookies.
There are many 40 somethings trying new jobs, and with our diverse country many of them will be working under someone of a different race.
I do not agree with this statement and I really believe we should be more responsible and less hateful with our comments towards others!
Some people have and inter beauty that one has to seek.  Whoopi may be a little brash but she occasionally does have a point.
You can not judge some one based on looks and color if you don't like what they have to say don't follow their work and mind your own.
It's good to have an opinion on things, but perhaps using less hateful language would be a wiser way of getting our points across!
There are many similarities among religions and writings are bound to have some overlap.  I wouldn't describe Muslims as liberals.
Because you do not understand something or agree with something doesn't me it isn't right. Either try to understand or leave it alone.
I agree that laws are their to protect people, but we should not abuse our powers of opinion by using insensitive name calling!
I think everyone, to some degree, creates their own laws.  They don't deserve condemnation because they don't agree with yours.
Senseless killing is not the way to solve problems. Laws are for everyone not just the white man.
Anti-Islamic hate speech and the "n word" are not welcome here. Words have power, be careful how you use them!
Please refrain from using racial slurs as it is inappropriate.
The use of "fa--ot" here as a pejorative is patently offensive and should be eliminated. Thanks for your help in avoiding hate speech!
Please refrain from using terms regarding one's sexual orientations.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (retarded) and race (Pakis). Refrain from such words.
Ethnic hatred and disabled-bashing (the "r word") are not permitted here. Please comply ... or be asked to fly.
It is inappropriate to use a term that refers to a mental disability.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their sexual orientation (faggot) and race (Russki).
Please refrain from using terms that describe ones sexual orientation.
Please refrain from using terms regarding someone's sexual orientation as it is inappropriate.
Just because you disagree with someone, doesn't mean you should make fun of people with mental disabilities.
I can see you're concerned about this, but I wish you wouldn't use that language.
Just because someone is a different race, doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of.
You could be spending so much less energy hunting down a racist conspiracy against you.
I don't think this is going to help anyone solve the problem.
I think you should make more of an effort to believe victims.
I understand that you do not like the characters  in the game but there is no need to insult people who have developmental disabilities.
There is no need to refer to someone you dislike with a hateful word.
I respect your opinion but sometimes there are certain times and places to share these opinions.
There is no need to define one persons carachter by their religion of choice, as well as no religion  should be defined by the actions.
There is no need to get hostile after all the hate that was shown for both of your respected opinions.
It is against our rules to use hate speech. Thank you
The N word will not be tolerated.
Please use better language next time. Thank you
There are nicer ways of criticizing people.
Please do not use hate speech it is not appropriate. Thanks
No need to use that word.
We would appreciate it greatly if you wouldnt use hate speech here. Thank you
Can't we all just get along?
It violates our rules to use this language please refrain. Thank you
No N words here please!
Welll if we are going to be a  minority is all the more reason to stop with the hatred and work together, stop the insults.
Your worries are heard but this country is a country built on Immigrants.
Please do not use hate speech here it is a violation. Thank you
Stop it with the hatred, racism is a terrible thing so just keep it to yourselfs.
We are all people and we all bleed the same and should try to get along.
Hate speech is a violation please refrain. Thank you
Your mocks are offensive to everyone, so much racism, so much hate, stop it you offend everyone.
It is a bit harsh to slam another religion just because it is different then yours.
This is a violation of our rules we would greatly appreciate if you would refrain. Thank you
If you dont like your neightbor  its totally understandable but the insults are offensive not only to him but to us all.
That is a bit harsh as it is okay to be gay and to be a person of color.
Please do not use hate speech here. Thank you
Please communicate your concerns in a way that is more understanding to others' feelings.
The post fails to make any valid point it is simply filled with vile racial slurs.
Please express your ideas in a manner that is not as objectionable.
There are many more appropriate and creative words that should replace the foul language that will make it more pleasant for others to read.
Please be more decent in your expression of concerns and use caring language.
Using such a vulgar term to describe women shows a serious lack of respect.
Please leave out the nasty comments toward others.
Removing the foul language with more appropriate words will allow others to see you have a good vocabulary.
Please attend to others' feelings when expressing your viewpoints.
If you don't agree with someone being abusive to women, there's no need to show scorn by implying he's gay.
You can have a decent argument without the use of a contemptuous term for gay.
Listen to how you are responding at this time, this is perhaps the reason why he had you censored.
Calling someone mentally r to prove your point makes you sounds childish.
There's absolutely no need to use this term. You're being blatantly racist.
Your really should not use that word when referring to people.  It's unkind.  Perhaps you should research what that word really means.
Your opinion against Orange County would sound a lot more valid without the use of racial slurs.
Your characterization of these people is not flattering at all.  They do have names have respect for yourself and use them.
You should think better than to use this word so casually.
Please don't spread these stereotypes, they're not based in facts.
I don't think that you should be proud of deepening your own biases.
Considering the tragedy I don't think that you should be most concerned about optics.
Two wrongs don't make a right
Sounds like theres some projections here
Do not be so rude and hateful towards others when talking about them from behind a computer screen
That's not very nice
That is very hurtful and disgusting to say
Only Aussies can use that one now
Please change the words you use
Antisemitic and homophobic hatred, and the word "fa--ot," are not permitted here.Remember: there's no room for hate this world.
Homophobic hatred and the word "fa--ot" are not permitted here. Thanks for your help in avoiding hate speech!
Use of the n-word and other slurs here is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults blacks and Mexicans.
Anti-ethnic venom, racism and the "n word," because they are hate speech, are not allowed here.
Using the words 'nigger and spic ' is offensive as it's a direct attack to someone based on their race.
Homophobic venom is not protected speech, but hate speech. There's a difference. Learn it or you may be asked to depart--we'd sure miss you!
Your language is offensive and will not be tolerated.
Please avoid using racial slurs when responding to different posts.
You've been offensive on this thread and it will not be tolerated.
It doesn't make sense to hate an entire group of people based on the actions of a few people.
Do not disguise a persons mental impairment with common words when responding to others.
Making fun of the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
Do not use hateful terms regarding sexual orientation in response to other posts.
The language you have chosen to use is highly offensive and will not be tolerated on this site.
Refrain from using hateful racial slurs when responding to others posts.
The language you have chosen to use is highly offensive and displays a lack of character.
This whole conversation is absurd, but you really need to watch the language.
While these comments are interesting I think it would be more tactful if we refrained from hateful words or hate speech in our comments!
This hateful, xenophobic language is not tolerable in 2019. You should be ashamed.
I'm not sure I agree with these statements and I feel we should find more positive language to express our opinions!
Let's watch the language please. This is not necessary.
This language is absolutely disgusting and un tolerable. You need to stop.
I know we are all entitled to our feelings on certain matters, but I don't believe using slurs and hateful language is appropriate.
Watch the language. Homophobic, hateful language is not necessary.
Some people really do despicable things, but I feel we could rise above them if we learned to use less offensive language in our comments!
Use of "the r word" may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
Misogynistic hate speech is not permitted here. Please comply or you may be asked to leave--and we'll sure miss you!
Torrents of anti-Islamic hatred give reason for this hate-filled post to be excised. Thank you for your help in keeping hate away.
The variants of the "r word"  used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families
seems like the best thing to do is stay away from her to avoid any issues
blimey calm down please, so much hatred it is unreal, and really cant make you feel any better by spreading it
This term N**&^5 needs to truly be erased from the universe
amazing how without writing in english the n word stands out, and it is still not needing in any language
its seems very plausible that is, however disrespect seems to come in many outlets not just from GAB
may not be the best question but it still doesnt need your kind of reply. reframe from posting in the future please
Tranny is not the PC term.
sexuality and disability hate has not room online, please leave it out
just another example of a minimalist
c word isnt need please edit it out, and keep the swap clean please
While I can certainly sympathise with the frustration of some people, I do not believe filthy, offensive, or rude speech is ever necessary!
The Second Amendment is for everyone.
Homophobia, misogyny, "fa---ot" and "cu-t" deployed here is hate speech which is NOT permitted. Sorry!
I do not believe name calling shows a sign of intelligence or tact.  We need to be more aware of how our speech affects others around us!
Enjoy the music.
Sad world when hate and ignorance take over!  We need to be defending and helping those in trouble, not degrading and shaming them!
Wow. Hopefully, it will be the year of something nice.
Racism, the "n word," antisemitism and the encouragement of religious based violence all constitute hate speech which is not permitted here.
In spite of this being debunked it still isn't kind or polite to use hurtful name calling!  There are better ways to use our words!
Flat Earth mentality is an entertaining proposition.
"Rational reasons to hate" sounds logical but also dangerous when "rational" is defined by the one speaking and the one listening.
Use of hateful language regarding religion is unwarranted and unintelligent.
I know it's fun to joke around, but some words can be seriously hurtful and we should be more careful and kind with our speech!
No need to insult people with a disability while expressing an opinion.
I don't think we should lower ourselves to unintelligent name calling or bashing others!  There are better ways to speak our minds!
Use of hateful language regarding race and religion is unjust and unintelligent.
Sure, we all have thoughts about others, but I believe it's more tactful if we keep hateful thoughts and words out of our comments!
Use of hateful language regarding sexual orientation is unjust and not funny.
I think we would appear wiser if we could learn to use nicer language and not so much hateful speech!
Totally unnecessary and unintelligent to use hateful language regarding race.
Using bad language and offensive slurs can seem easy, but it really erodes away at the base of intelligent conversation.
This kind of language is rude and offensive, please refrain.
This kind of language is hurtful and offensive. It is not tolerated here.
Using this language is not tolerated and is uncalled for.
Using these words to attack people based on their race is offensive and not tolerated.
This kind of speech is not tolerated here, please refrain.
I think we owe it to ourselves to use basic human intelligence and kindness in dealing with any situation!  Name calling is not the answer!
I'm sorry that you feel that way, but please don't use such language because of it.
I understand the need to express oneself, but perhaps name calling and using racial slurs is not the best way to prove one's point!
Its inappropriate to use the words 'NIGGER SPIC HONKY RAT BASTARDS' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race.
I'm sorry you have such a warped view on Muslims
I think we, as commenters, really should work on our attitudes and perhaps refrain from using ugly language against others!
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their religion (muzzy) and gender (cunt). Refrain from such words.
I'm sorry you have such a warped view on African-Americans.
Racial slurs and ugly language may come easy to some, but I feel it's our responsibility to abstain from hateful words and comments!
I agree that it is our right to stand up for ourselves, but we should also aspire to use better words and language in our statements!
Believe me, I understand you point.  I'd back on on the strong language though because it will steer people away from your argument.
Transgender people are people too and you need to treat them with kindness here.
I totally agree with your argument, but watch that word usage if your would.  It diverts attention to you instead of the point your making.
Do not use offensive language in your comments.
I certainly understand that you're upset, but watch some of that language.  It's quite offensive to many.
Feel free to disagree with liberal people, but not to use hateful language toward them.
Your language is taking away from your argument.  Instead of me agreeing with your point, I focus on the words themselves.
Try putting a little love in your hearts and speaking about all with respect.
Offensive language is not tolerated here.
Even if you don't agree with the news article, you have no evidence that it's being done by a Jewish person.
Name calling does nothing but create arguments that fail to make valid points.
I'm sorry you have such a warped view on Jewish people
I would like to know why you think of Democrats that way.  Also, calling them retarded is pretty offensive.
Even if you don't agree with her, there's no need to call her retarded.  Everyone is entitled to their opinion.
Name calling is such a childish way to describe someone.
I would like to see the statistics and your sources behind your statement about black men raping white women.
Using racially based comments shows others one's true character.
I'm sorry you have such a warped view on the lives of African-Americans
Even if you don't agree with the candidate, there is no need for such language to refer to him or any other race.
Slandering others based on their race can make others form negative opinions about you.
I'm sorry you have such a warped view on African-Americans and the innocent people living among you.
I wasn't really thrilled with the meeting of those two myself, but I don't think we need to use hateful names towards them!
We don't have to slander people we agree with now, otherwise what's the point of slander.
There is no proof that Trump has conveyed that view in any matter. He has the right to listen to all views from all walks of life
Perhaps we can find better ways of expressing ourselves, sans name-calling and hateful speech!
Clearly this was in gest, lets hope not to repeat such a thing.
I understand you may disagree- but using those words do not move us in a positive direction to solve the problem
I really cannot agree with this statement and I believe there has to be nicer ways to get our points across!
We don't need to insult someone we don't need to hear from I'd assume.
No one was muted or should ever be with the freedom of speech. User2 did not say anything offensive but merely a challenge to the facts tha
This comment confused me; maybe your posts would be more readily accepted if the language was cleaned up a little!
We certainly can make our point without racial slurs here.
Use of the "n-word" in the way you placed it does not help the situation. To label a group of people you disagree with in that manner only
I think violent crimes against anyone is wrong, and I also think we need to find ways to communicate without all the hateful language!
If we want to argue what's right from wrong, we should perhaps try to avoid using language that is really repugnant.
They are not monkeys or slaves- they are human just like you. Every person is equal and should be treated as such.
Misogynistic hatred as evidenced here constitutes hate speech, which is forbidden here. Thank you for your help in keeping hate away.
Please refrain from using sexually vulgar terms when referring to the female gender.
Avoid using sexually vulgar terms when referring to the female gender.
Do not use a persons mental disability as a way to insult a female.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively, and misogynistic hatred, are so offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
Avoid using hateful sexual terms when voicing your opinion on a person of the female gender.
Homophobic hatred ("homos") and disabled-bashing ("ret--ded") are all offensive terms of hate; please avoid them here.
Be cautious of using hateful homophobic terms when responding to others and do not use mental impairments as insults.
I think I heard that before, but you might want to watch that language a bit.
It's only my opinion, but I feel that name calling must be kept to a minimum if we are to hope our comments will be taken seriously!
I get your point, but you might want to watch the language.  That word is quite offensive.
This debate seems understandably heated, but perhaps it wouldn't feel so intense if we could calm down and abstain from name calling!
You're way over the top with that comment.  The language is really offensive.
It's sad that seemingly intelligent people can make such hateful remarks!  We should be kind, not terrible, to one another, always!
I agree that some of these liberal politicians are crazy, but watch the language a bit.  It only distracts from your argument.
I'm not sure if feminism is really considered a mental illness, but I am sure that using hateful names never contributed much to positivity.
I'm sure you realize that the language you're using is quite offensive to many.
People use offensive names to humiliate and shock others, but what shocks me the most is the lack of intelligence in using hateful speech!
Hate speech is not tolerated and not necessary to free speech. Your account has been temporarily suspended. You can appeal w/a Mod. Ty
Keith Ellison's has a right to his religion- which doesn't make him an extremist. You're exaggerating.
First and final warning such language is not tolerated on this platform. Please review our user policies before posting again. Thank you.
Don't combine homosexuals and pedophiles. No need to attack homosexuals in your disdain for Jimmy Saville.
Your accounts have all been permanently closed and you have all received IP based bans. Have a good day.
Not all practices of Islam are extremist. You're unnecessarily grouping both.
Hate speech is not tolerated on this platform. Your account has been closed. You can appeal this action by emailing a Moderator. Thank you.
Defending violence is not the answer, and using slurs for homosexuals doesn't help support your opinion.
Hate speech of any kind should not be and is not tolerated on this platform. This applies to all users. We appreciate your intent, ty.
Using inappropriate language because another player is doing the same doesn't help your argument.
Please do not use language that denigrates others on the basis of their race or religion.
Don't be racist
Please do not use vulgar terms that are degrading to women.
That is a rude and uncalled for comment against Lyne.
Please do not language that denigrates women. It is not acceptable.
You sound uneducated when you use such vulgar insults.
Calling someone a "retard" is tasteless and unnecessary.
Insulting someone by claiming they have a disability is rude and hurtful.
There are so many words in English and you decided to use that one
Racism, the "n word" and antisemitic rancor, because they are examples of hate speech, are banned from this forum.
Please do not use derogatory racial slurs or anti-Semitic rhetoric.
I think that comment was unnecessary
Ethnic ("chink" and racist (n word) slurs, because they are examples of hate speech, are banned from this forum.
You certainly should step away from the computer
Homophobia and antisemitic hate speech are sufficient to ban this exchange. Please help us put down the brake when it comes to hate!
Please do not use derogatory homophobic or anti-Semitic slurs.
This is unnecessary don't you think? We can use other words
Disabled-bashing and neo-Nazi antisemitism give ample reason for the excision of these lamentable posts.
Please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabilities or anti-Semitic slurs.
Criticism is much better taken if it's constructive and polite!
The point of this post sinks under the weight of misogynistic and antisemitic hate speech. Please...let’s squelch hate—together! Thanks!
Just because someone is different then you does not mean you should call them names.
Please do not use inappropriate language on our site . Thank you
Hate speech is not tolerated on this platform. If your account has been closed you can appeal this action via email to a Moderator. Thanks!
This language is not called for and you would more apt to continue the conversation without it.
hate speech violates or prime directive please refrain from using it here in the future. Thank you
Your account has been closed and your IP address recorded and banned. Hate speech is not tolerated on this platform. Have a great day
You should just say some girl and not refer to her negatively.
Please do not use foul language. Thank you
Sexist hate speech is not tolerated on this platform. Final warning. Please review our user policies before posting again. Thank you.
You know you could state your reasons without bashing another's race, religion, or gender.
Please do not use hate speech on our site it is a violation. Thank you
This thread is closed. If your account has been closed you are banned; suspended and you can appeal via email to a Moderator. Thank you.
You don't have to stereotype a person because they look different then you.
We do not appreciate your language please alter it. Thank you
Your account has been closed. Hate speech is not tolerated on this platform. Thanks and have a great day
It would be easier to just say you do not like leftism or conservatism, instead of using all the negative words.
Avoid using hateful racial slurs  mental impairments, and homophobic terms against different races and sexual orientation.
Racism and disabled-bashing are examples of hate speech, are banned from this forum.
Even though someone ruins it for others doesn't make it okay to be negative.
Do not use hateful homophobic words and mental impairments when posting on this feed.
"Re--rd" and "fa--ot" offend many and so do not belong in intelligent commentary. Thanks for your help in avoiding hate speech!
Please do not use hateful terms regarding someones mental impairment when posting.
"Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
You should just leave race and religion out of this because it makes you sound racist.
Please do not use hateful racial slurs when responding to posts.
Using the "n word," as well as antisemitism, are banned here. Thanks for your help in avoiding hate speech!
Such harsh language, you could just say the black people would turn out to vote.
Please do not use hateful racial slurs when responding to other posts.
Racism and the "n word" are hate speech, are banned from this forum. So...help us put down the brake when it comes to hate!
A word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities is not necessary; a word that is not derogatory could have been used.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your post.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread.
You could show your intelligence more effectively by not using words that demean those with low mental capabilities.
A word derogatory towards people with mental disabilities distracts from the meaning of a comment.
Please refrain from using hateful and ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion.
You have a well thought out argument, but add some sensitivity to the group you are discussing and it will be taken more seriously.
Hate towards all African Americans is not justified.
Please refrain from using hateful racist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread.
It's best not to generalize an entire group of people and instead remember there is good in everyone.
A word that is derogatory towards all women is not necessary.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing valuable to the discussion.
Your free to say what you want, but the last part of your thoughts are better kept to yourself.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to the discussion in this thread.
This discussion would be more well perceived if genders or people's disabilities were left out of it.
Please do not use language that is derogatory of women and  people of other races.
Your argument is not backed by any facts, and includes insulting people with serious disabilities to sell how "stupid" someone else is.
Please try not to use such terminology when referring to someone with a low IQ as it is offensive.
Please avoid terms that are derogatory of another person's gender or sexuality.
You agree that personal attacks are not necessary, but then use hateful terms to put someone down.
There are many words we could use to refer to Christine Blasey Ford but the words that you have used are offensive and should not be used.
Please note that racist language is not acceptable.
Your use of hate speech is unnecessary and in no way validates your claims.
You used probably the most offensive word available for African Americans. Please try to use more respectful words next time.
Please express your views without racist, sexist or homophobic language.
Your use of hate speech and discriminatory language is disgusting and hateful.
Wow, sounds like you are angry. I could think of some better ways to express my anger without using such harsh and offensive words.
Hopefully people don't take the redneck term negatively. Made address them differently?
The use of the word 'faggot' is totally unnecessary. Its mean and hurtful.
Please try to refrain from the use of the word 'faggot'. Its mean and hurtful to some readers.
Referring to people as 'niggers' is inappropriate and shouldn't be a part of this post.
Hey there, homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Could you please refrain from these types of comments. Thanks
The language used in some of these post are out of line. Readers shouldn't be subjected to this.
Both of those words are very insensitive and hurtful to people.
I understand what you are saying but please don't use that word
Please make your descriptions without using health, racial, sexual, or medically offensive slang.
There's no need to talk like that. We can have different opinions but please don't use those words. It gets us nowhere.
Hateful convey no meaning; I only pick up on a hateful attitude.
Those are very insensitive and hurtful words to use to describe someone.
I know you're trying to show your point but please don't sink to using offensive terms.
I don't believe all homosexuals and people with mental disabilities are bad people.
Offensive slang term describing sexual preference has no place.
I understand you are angry but please use other words to define that person other than ones that can be offensive to others.
There is value in a comment when it contains words that are derogatory towards groups of people.
Please leave off the offensive racial terms.
There's no need to use that language to get your point across.
I don't believe all African Americans are bad people.
Racism, the "n word," homophobic hatred, and "fa--ot" all betray virulent hatred, and hate speech is banned here. Please avoid or leave.
Please do no use any term that are derogatory or lack of clarity in manner.
Thank you for demonstrating my previous point and letting your bigotry rule the day.
Both racism and antisemitism, because they are examples of hate speech, are banned from this forum.
Please clarity your statement in a direct and clear manner by not using non-offensive material.
That comment was completely pointless.
The "N word" is demeaning and offensive and so, along with racism, does not belong in intelligent commentary.
Please revise your statement due to the racially-offensive matter it portrays to a specific demographic.
I question whether your stance would stay the same saying that to someone's face.
This statement is not appropriate due to its racially-offensive manner. Please provide a statement with more diplomacy.
I'm not sure what that's supposed to mean, but it seems to be offensive. I suggest you refrain from saying that again.
Homophobia, "f-(g-t)," and racist epithets, because they are hate speech, are banned from this forum.
You both are clearly well meaning productive members of society. My those who espouse your viewpoints be given the respect you clearly deser
Where exactly is that documented as such a well known fact.
You are calling all Jews racist, which makes you racist yourself.
No matter what names you use someone should always be criticizing the actions of the President.
I don't think anyone has fun a GITMO
The f* slur was not necessary here. Please also consider how victims of rape feel when you state things like this.
You're not doing a very good job at being an expert on Israel/Muslim relations.
All of this is completely false, you can't just claim that all Muslims and Jews in the world want to kill everyone. It's ridiculous.
I'm pretty sure they can given the fact that the majority of people you're referring to have advanced degrees (M.S., M.A., J.D., etc.)
A much better choice would be to say 'people of color'.
Milla Jovovich is awesome and her kids are gorgeous!
Someone else's sexual preferences and home life are none of your business and should not be used to insult them and others.
Wow $667 billion is a lot of money. Seems like too much if you ask me.
Using insults against people with serious disabilities and using stereotypes against people you don't like is unnecessary.
There is no need to insult people with serious disabilities to prove a point against a stranger on the internet.
Personally I don't talk to men unless spoken to because I'm shy. It has nothing to do with thinking I'm too good for them.
Use of the slurs here is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults gays and others.
Anti-Semitic remarks and insults based on a person's sexual preferences is ignorant.
People shouldn't call others those names. It is hurtful but mostly because it can ruin a reputation without any proof.
There is no need to use hateful, discriminatory language to describe someone.
This is absolutely disgusting language and you need to stop. This is unacceptable.
This language is disgusting and hateful. This is not acceptable.
the FBI needs to knock on your door
That is a term that is offensive to members of the LBQTIA community and I would prefer you did not use it
Whoa whoa, homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thanks
words change over time, hate doesn't
Whilst these terms might have gone unchallenged once upon a time they are seriously offensive now.
your a violent person
This is not an acceptable term to use; it is highly offensive to the LBGTQIA community
Hi There, please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and offensive. If you continue Admin will be alerted
i don't wanna live in this world anymore
Please would you not use anti Semitic terms; they are divisive, hateful and unnecessary
Hi There, Please refrain from using homophobic comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
you realize you're whining right now
This term is obsolete and offensive and you make yourself look bad by using it
Use of hateful language regarding gender is unjust and not humorous.
There is no reason to wish that violence on anyone
Totally unnecessary to insult people with a disability while expressing an opinion.
Using a derogatory term against someone you disagree with is mocking the people with actual mental disabilities.
There is no reason to use degrading language toward someone of a different background
Use of hateful speech regarding sexual orientation is not warranted or funny.
There is no reason to use that language towards someone that's different
Use of hateful language regarding people with a disability is not necessary or humorous.
you guys should get married and then go drive your car off a bridge
Speaking to someone this way gets us nowhere as a human race.
the holocoust is nothing that needs to be joked about at all both of you need help should i call someone
Utilizing words of this manner doesn't help progress the understanding of anyone. Please try and refrain from such language.
Please refrain from utilizing derogatory words to shame women.
those children dont know any better they are just doing what their parents do
The word retard isn't meant to be used in the manner in which your using it. Please try not to use that word.
i think that they have went through enough hate in this world in the past its time to grow up
Slandering someones race doesn't nothing to help more the human race forward. In fact it does the opposite. Please try not to do this.
Using such foul language towards someone shows a serious lack of respect.
It doesn't make sense to name call someone based solely on what the media says.
Using foul language shows a serious lack of respect.
Name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
Removing the harsh language will allow others to better understand your point.
Using a derogatory term against people you dislike is insulting to those with actual mental disabilities.
It doesn't make since to name call someone you've never met based on what the media says.
This kind of language is not tolerated here, please refrain.
Using these words to describe and attack is not tolerated,
Using this kind of speech is not tolerated.
Using this kind of language and attacking someone is not tolerated.
Name calling someone just because the media says something that might now even be true, doesn't make any sense.
Using these words is not necessary and uncalled for, please refrain.
I appreciate your viewpoint but please refrain from using offensive, hateful words.
Please refrain from using offensive language.  that term is a derogatory term aimed at a particular group of people.  Not for use here.
Please do not discriminate against women or use terms that discriminate based on race or sexual orientation.
It is not acceptable to speak about transgender people in this way.
Your language in this post is uncalled for.  The words that you use are derogatory and have no place in this discussion.
Please do not use terms that are demeaning to women.  Do not discriminate against or use terms offensive to racial or religious group.
Regardless of your political views, you need to control your hateful language.
You language is very inappropriate and derogatory.  You could express you opinion without using offensive language.
We do not tolerate offensive name-calling.
Please do not discriminate against or use terms that are offensive to a racial group or ethnicity.
There is zero need to make such harsh racial slurs about people.
This language is entirely uncalled for.  You could keep things like this to yourself and not spread this hate through the internet.
You guys make yourselves look worse by writing things like this, it's giving the right a bad name.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on their race and religion.
That word is really out of style. It's really hurtful to people with down syndrome, or people who have loved ones with down syndrome.
You just make yourself look really bad when you say things like this. Anyone one can see this stuff if they look you up.
There's no reason in using derogatory slurs towards others.
This kind of language makes you look so un-credible. I'm so distracted by the cursing I can't engage with your argument.
I wish I could argue with you, but your language choice already has shown me that would be impossible.
Not sure that deserves that response
Simply no need to use hateful language regarding sexual orientation while expressing an opinion.
You should use a different word to show you disagree with a person.
Surely there is a better way to say that. its not 1928.
This was a semi-intelligent conversation that you lowered with your offensive slurs.
Whoa, I hope you're from the UK.
Totally unwarranted to use hateful language regarding women while expressing opinion.
There are better more accurate ways to describe people you don't agree with.
These are some extremely sweeping statements and quite ignorant.
This whole conversation is disgusting. There are books you can read on psychology and sexuality, but this conversation is uninformed.
Someone's daddy is a sailor
Use of hateful language regarding women is unjust and not humorous.
There are more intelligent ways to refer to people you disagree with
Your language is uncalled for.  This type of language is harmful and offensive and has no place being used.
This language is uncalled for.  You are being incredibly offensive and should not say things like this
Your language is incredibly offensive.  You should refrain from saying things like this.
This post is incredibly offensive.  You could have contributed just as much by not saying anything at all.
There is no nee d to resort to homophobic slurs to get your point across, you're both too intelligent for that.
You can make the same points and in a clearer, more understandable manner by using different, nicer language.
That is an outdated an offensive slur that derogates an entire people, please act like you know better.
What you said is adding nothing to the conversation. Instead of calling for violence, try and explain yourself and your feeling.
There are better ways to describe something you don't like than using homophobic slurs.
This comment is meaningless and does not tell anyone anything. Instead of calling someone a name, talk about what cause you to do this.
You can disagree with someone without using offensive terms like that.
Your hate speech does not add to the question you are asking. It makes me, and whoever you are asking, less likely to talk with you.
Advocating violence and using hateful ways to describe the differently abled makes you sound uneducated and very crude.
You can make your point better by using proper nouns, nouns, and pronouns, instead of hate speech words. Your posts are unclear as is.
Your language choice makes no sense and is just downright rude.
You shouldn't be bringing up sensitive topics that don't relate to the topic. These things shouldn't be taken lightly.
Some people need a home, and we should let basic human decency back in.
Please eliminate the hurtful words that are damaging to others.
Moderators should encourage users to not use bigoted insults
Refrain from using hateful homophobic slurs when responding to others.
Please formulate your opinions in a way that is more decent to others.
Find out why users think America is controlled by Jews
Do not use hateful terms regarding mental impairments when responding.
Voice your concerns in a more sympathetic manner without the hateful comments.
Ban users who use the n-word in an insulting manner
Woah, please do not use racial slurs when posting on this feed.
Deliver your concerns in a way that is more appeasing to others and less derogatory.
Stop using mental impairments as a means to insult other users.
Please avoid the scandalous talk and use more uplifting words to express your thoughts.
Ban users who use the n-word
Avoid using hateful racial slurs against different races.
We do not condone your offensive and racist thoughts about the Jewish community.
Removing the foul language may increase interest in your post from others.
Language denigrating religious affiliation or the mentally challenged is unacceptable. Please refrain from its use.
It is offensive and inappropriate to use words about the mental abilities of others.
You can disagree with someone's actions without using that language.
Describing someone using foul language is very childish.
Using hateful language as such violates our community's rules.
Using such a derogatory term to describe women speaks volumes about one's character.
There is no reason for hateful slurs toward women.
Using foul terms to describe women shows a serious lack of respect.
I wish you two could have an actual conversation. Your slurs are so boring.
Hi there, xenophobic and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thx
A wood book, that sounds strange. Paper is made of wood, though.
Perhaps you could back up your statement with some facts. It might make for a better conversation.
If you had lived during WWII (note the way I spelled that) you would have fought willingly. Do some reading, my child.
Hey there, Antisemitic and derogatory comments are extremely hurtful and offensive. Please don't use these types of comments . Thank you
He's just a frightened child who has never been out in the world. This is what ours schools teach our children these days.
Hi there, xenophobic and derogatory slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thx
i think you can do better than this and go without that language.
While I don't understand the context, I don't think the word choice was best
lets not insult every woman on the planet because you are mad at one man. lol.
I think it's pretty obvious that you all should relax with that language, respectfully.  Leave the hate elsewhere/
Clearly you're referencing a certain race, you can be civil doing that you know
i cant even make sense out of what might be a good arguement. people will not take you seriously like that.
pretty terrible outlook on things, but I know you can make your point without that. Attack ideas, not people.
We can be civil with our language, even with our enemies
could you use a word that makes your point please. you know, actually think about it.
I think you can do better by attacking ideas not someone's gender. Just try a little.
Echoes and sexist terms are pretty lame
The 'c' word is not a catch all guys. it tells me nothing when you use it and makes me likely not to listen.
Racist and homophobic language is unacceptable. Please express yourself with greater respect.
You have been permanently banned. Your IP address has been recorded. Any further accounts open from said IP will be closed. Good bye.
why do you feel the need to call someone that, it is not necessary
Please do not denigrate people on the basis of their religious or cultural background..
Your account has been suspended. You can appeal this action by emailing a Moderator. Review our user polices in the meantime, ty.
Muzhood...really, that's the most absurd thing I've ever heard
Please do not use racist or homophobic expressions.
This thread is closed. Spelling doesn't matter with hate speech. If your account is closed you can email a Mod to appeal. Have a nice day.
skin color does not have anything to do with black mold
Please do not use language that denigrates people because of their race or background.
Please exercise more intelligence in your criticism. Class and caste are not permissible targets of criticism on Reddit. 1st warning. Ty
Please refrain from using language that demeans women.
The fact is your account has been suspended. We insist that you review our user policies. You can appeal this action by emailing a Mod. Ty
Why you have to bring people with special needs into a civil conversation about this poll
You can both disagree without having to talk like this, one would hope.
I understand both of your arguments, but the harsh language only distracts from the points you're trying to make.
You can put down the cat-calling without going there with regards to race.
I think you might have a valid point to an extent, but the racist language takes away from it.
Using racial slurs can make others think you have a lack of a good vocabulary.
You don't need to resort to racism to make your point.
I suppose you're entitled to your opinion, but that language is really inappropriate in today's society.
Removing the foul language will allow others to better consider your point of view.
I think you can put down his idea without being so hateful. You can do better
That's probably not the best word choice to convey your argument.  Its offensive to many.
You can disagree with them without talking like that. Make a change.
Nobody is going to take you seriously if you use inflamatory language like that.  It's really offensive.
Name calling is the equivalent of a toddler throwing a tantrum when they do not get their way.
Using that kind of language makes you seem like a 15 year old.
Correction, the work is "dick".
Using more appropriate words to replace the foul language will make it more appealing to others.
I disagree. Perhaps you can enlighten us about the person you're referring to. I must have missed it.
The foul language used can make others think you have a lack of a good vocabulary.
I can't believe that a Democrat would use this kind of language. Leave the conversation until you can discuss this like a human.
Using racial slurs to describe someone speaks to one's character.
It sounds like you have something against Jews in general. Why not move to Germany, or Sweden, where you can hide?
Speaking down on others by using foul language speaks to one's personality.
Simply no need to insult people with a disability while expressing opinion.
Totally unwarranted to insult people with a disability while expressing an opinion.
Totally unnecessary and unintelligent to use hateful language regarding people with a disability while posting.
There is no reason to talk intolerantly towards people of African descent
Hate speech of any kind on this platform is not tolerated. First and final warning. Thank you for your understanding.
Hey man! Bigoted speech like that isn't cool!
f word can be left out of it please, add to the debate not the hatred instead
Sexist hate speech is not tolerated on this platform. Final warning. Review our user policies before posting again, thank you.
rather harsh there, choose your words better next time please
Hate speech is not tolerated on this platform. Your account has been temporarily suspended. In the meantime, review our user policies. Ty.
Women deserve the same consideration as men
no need to put that, please delete before the hatred spreads
Hate speech of any kind is not tolerated on this platform. Final warning before permanent account closures.
We shouldn't generalize entire populations based on ethnicity.
chill out you lot, the internet doesnt need any more hatred, just all stop posting
Sexist terms and hate speech are not tolerated on this platform. Final warning before permanent account closures.
leave the personal attack out out it please, isnt needed
There are better ways of getting your point across without using slurs
Damn halfwit theres no such thing as a pro sexualisation March .
Work to add something meaningful to the conversation instead of just name calling. Explain why you feel the way you do.
bloody idiot Muslim hooknose
You can express how you feel in kinder words that will make it more likely people will talk with and follow you.
Do not use foul language to describe people
Forgive my language, but don't forget it
You asked for forgiveness for your language. You know it was wrong. Instead of saying it, say nothing at all
Do not use slurs against people
If you must discuss your racism, then at least use kinder words. This will allow other to engage in conversation with you.
That is not a suitable way to describe someone
You post would have the same meaning if you eliminated the hateful word. It does not even need to be replaced for your post to be the same.
It doesn't make sense to name call someone you haven't even met.
The seeming lack of relevancy in your comment makes me wonder about what it is your attempting to do?
Name calling does not open up lines of communication and standing.
If you have a real complaint please contact the appropriate services.
If something as you say occurred a legal action would begin with contacting law enforcement.
You should probably go check if you're wrong before spewing things on the internet.
While political differences make rough times derogatory comments do not tend to help the conversation.
You should probably worry more about the people you love and less on people loved by others.
That sounds like a waste of your abilities.
Encouraging racism does not help with helping others feel equal.
There isn't a reason to use that language towards someone of a different viewpoint than you
Avoid using racial slurs against other races on posts.
I'm sorry that you would let your anger dictate your language
Do not use hateful homophobic slurs when responding to others
There is no reason to wish that on anyone
Do not use sexually vulgar terms when talking about females.
Do not use mental impairments as form of hate on posts.
There is no reason to use such language to someone that's different than you
It doesn't make sense to wish harm on someone you've never met based on what the media says.
Woah! Do not use hateful racial slurs when posting on this page.
We do not approve of hate speech on our site please refrain. Thank you
While I may not agree with the situation I think we should still do our best to avoid racial slurs in our intelligent conversation!
Please do not use foul language here. Thank you
Using vulgar language to describe a woman shows a serious lack of respect.
We should abstain from name calling, even when tempted; we should work on ourselves before condemning others!
We do not allow hate speech here please do not use it in the future. Thank you
While I understand debates can become heated I still think we ought to try and guard our words, slow our tempers, and use better language!
We do not allow hate speech or foul language. Thanks
Making fun of someone based on their sexual preferences is very childish.
It's easy to make a joke at another's expense, but I do not believe it's right and we should be more aware of how our speech affects others.
Hate speech is not allowed and is a violation of the rules. Thank you
I understand some people can really irritate others, but we should still really try to rise above the hate and use less hurtful language!
Yeah, I don't care for him either, but I'd watch the language a bit.  We understand your point.
Your account has been suspended. You can appeal this action via email to a Moderator. In the meantime, review our user policies. Thank you.
Those words are quite offensive in today's society.  I'd try to find another way to make your point if I were you.
Using a word that negatively references someone with a mental disability or that are sexist do not promote understanding.
Hate speech of any kind is not tolerated on this platform. Your account has been temporarily suspended. You can appeal via email to a Mod.
I think today's society is too politically correct as well, but you still have to use decorum when you speak.  I'd watch the language a bit.
Hate speech is not tolerated on this platform. Your account has been temporarily suspended. You can appeal via email to a Mod. Ty
I understand your point, but you'd have more people interested in what you have to say if you moderate your tone a bit.
Your account has been closed and your IP address recorded and banned. Hate speech of any kind is not tolerated here. Have a great day
Your argument would be taken better if you presented it in nicer less demeaning terms.
Words that are sexist in nature or that references a women's genitals do not contribute to meaningful conversation.
Hate speech is not tolerated on this platform. If your account has been closed you can appeal this action via email to a Moderator. Thanks
Please be careful using those type of words.  Even though you do not mean it, they sound offensive.
the n word is unacceptable for anyone to use
She may have a disease or something we don't really know about.  You don't know someone else's struggles so we shouldn't judge so harshly.
using jew is okay when describing someones religious beliefs but not when it adds a bad term
I think you could probably find a bit more tolerated way to tell people how you feel.  Name calling is just pulling you down to their level.
faggot shouldnt be used to describe a person you think is soft
You really shouldn't use that word so freely, I know what you mean and all but it can be offensive, especially to those with mental handicap
making fun of someone you think is disabled is not funny
There is not a need to such language to in these post. Slandering someone with racial slurs seem pointless.
Woah! Your language is derogatory and offensive. Please address others in a more universally accepted manner.
Please refrain from calling T.I. a nigger. He's done way more good than bad, and is just a product of his environment.
Please refrain from using language that has a history of being used in a derogatory and hateful manner. Thanks for understanding!
To find it necessary to use such words when addressing people makes the desire to read your website little to none.
The words you're using are inappropriate on a public forum. Please use less hateful and derogatory language!
Please do not refer to people as 'cunt'. I'm sure you can find something better to say.
Your language is not tolerated in public forums. Try a more universally accepted term next time!
Please take care when choosing adjectives. Our fellow female users would very much appreciate your understanding and consideration.
I get that you dont like Ben but you  an share your thoughts in a different way and not use language that is offensive to everyone.
Your accounts are permanently closed and you are all IP banned. Threats of violence when appropriate will be reported to law enforcement. Ty
Youre full of hate, racism will only make you feel worse, stop it already your comments are really offensive and disrespectful.
No hate speech is tolerated on this platform. Final warning. We insist you review our user policies and take greater care in the future. Ty
Its fine if you dont agree with others religious belilefs but yout hate speech is terrible, the word faggot is really offensive.
Hate speech is not necessary to free speech and is not tolerated on this platform. Thank you for your understanding and cooperation.
Your accounts have been temporarily suspended. You can appeal this action by contacting a Moderator via email. Thank you, have a good day.
Take it easy! If you guys have a problem with each other thats your problem you shouldnt through insults as you disrespect us all.
"Re---ded" as may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families, please try to avoid its use.
Racism is not acceptable. Please do not use racist language.
The "n word," and attendant racist speech, since it offends many, has no place in intelligent commentary. Help us squash hate!
Please do not use racist or antisemitic language.
Antisemitism, racism and the "n word" are constitutive of hate speech and therefore should not be used here.
The term "faggot" is offensive to many people and so should not be used in a political commentary. Thanks for helping!
Hate speech of any kind is not tolerated on this platform. Final warning pending account closure and ban. Thank you and have a great day.
Your account has been temporarily suspended. Please review our hate speech policy in the meantime. Thank you and have a great day
Hate speech is not tolerated on this platform. Your account has been closed. You can appeal this action via email to a Moderator. Thank you.
Hate speech and threats of violence are not tolerated on this platform. Your accounts have been closed. Thank you and have a nice day.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please avoid this term. Thank you...
Lets try to be sensitive to all people with our comments. You never know who is reading.
The use of "fa--ot" here as a pejorative is patently offensive and should be eliminated. Please help us stamp out hate! Thanks!
I agree, Dental Hygiene is important. I think it would be better to address someone by name if you are wanting to see a change in behavior.
"Ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please avoid this term. Thank you.
We need to be sensitive to individuals with a learning curve greater than ours. Our words can hurt people that we never intended for them to
Racist comment and the "n word" as evidenced here are hate speech so is not permitted. Thank you for your help in keeping hate away.
It helps to only comment with facts when dealing with topics as this and to refrain from using derogative names.
"Ret---ed" and "b--ch" as used here offends many and should be avoided. Thank you for your help in keeping hate away.
It seem unnecessary to ad the extra verbs when describing someone.
Do not use hateful homophobic terms when posting on this feed.
Calling someone "faggot' for their sexual preference is simply out of style this day in age. I seem intelligen, please try to post different
Please give your opinions without using hateful statements.
Do not belittle religious affiliation and mental disabilities when responding to others.
Please do not utilize language to speak down on someone. Please keep your descriptive terms relevant and polite.
Discard the hurtful speech from your observations please.
Please keep your terms of 'twat" and other derogatory to a minimum.
Please take out the words that are damaging to others' feelings.
Avoid using racial slurs when posting to other posts.
Please do not use negative descriptions for people in your post, they aren't helpful at all.
Please express your viewpoints, but don't use demeaning talk.
Please do not call people such nasty names. Try to give your opinions in a more kind manner.
Please examine what you say before you make hateful commentary.
Your fault for being led around by your gonads.
Te foul language that you used to describe this person was unnecessary.  You could have described your feelings another way.
i would divorce you
This has absolutely no affect upon my life, so I'm going to ignore it.
You foul and insulting language is not welcome here.  Please express your opinion without using this language.
then dont use google
What I can't understand is why they didn't dismiss him asap. The government wastes enough taxpayer money. Why waste it on him?
Please do not use that phrase to insult people.  It is derogatory and offensive and should not be used.
then dont vote its really simple
You could always start your own factory, and encourage your friends.
This language is not welcome here.  You can express your opinions without attacking people with personal insults based on things like this.
you are no better than the people who use o sell africans
These harmful and offensive insults are completely unnecessary.  you could have expressed your opinion without using hate speech.
Please refrain fro using harmful and offensive language when posting things.  you are ruining any sort of discourse.
Use of the slur and the n-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults blacks and gays.
I don't see any reason to attack others based on their beliefs and their ethnic background.
Please do not use hate speech.  your language is uncalled for and incredibly disrespectful.
There's no reason to attack others based on their race and religion.
The language that you are using contributes nothing to this conversation, please refrain from speaking like this.
Do not use homophobic slurs when posting on the feed.
the f word should not be used to describe people of the LGBTQ community
Do not use hateful terms regarding sexual orientation.
don't you dare call me a chicken shit paid skill little bitch!
Please avoid using racial slurs when posting and responding to others.
its rude to call any people of a certain country stinking
se of the slurs here is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults and alienates others.
Refrain from using hateful homophobic words when posting.
dont use the f word!
Woah! Do not use hateful homophobic terms when posting on this page.
that is absolutely rude slander to use on anyone - people of the LGBTQ community are humans as well!
Please do not use racist language or sentiments.
People use appropriate language when talking to/about others.
Hey that's a little rude, dude.
Don't use retarded derogatorily to make your point please.
I can see that this upsets you but make sure you don't use inappropriate words.
Speaking so vulgarly about a woman shows one's true character.
I think you could use a different vocabulary to get your point across, please.
Talking down on people because of their race shows others who you really are.
Your post uses speech that denigrates ethnicity and/or religious affiliation in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
All religions in the world support the common good, so we are all better whatever they believe.
There are way more appropriate terms that should be used to replace the foul language.
You know your taxes do support the folks you want in jail, you don't really need more folks in jail.
Removing the foul language will make it easier for others to consider your point of view.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race and/or sexual orientation and/or ethnicity in violation of Community Guidelines and TOS.
In our country the citizens are allowed religious freedom. Each citizen must respect the religious beliefs of other citizens.
Name calling leads to arguments that fail to make any valid points.
You sound quite upset by that news report. If it is true, you should start working to improve our justice system and stop just complaining.
Your post denigrates religious affiliation in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
You must understand that it is your taxes that support the folks in jail. Unless people are threatening you, it is time to just let them be.
There are many more appropriate terms that should be used to replace the foul language.
White people have caused infinitely more genocide than people of color against white people.
Using this language is not tolerated and is an attack. Please refrain.
There are more appropriate terms that should be used to describe someone besides resorting to name calling.
These comments manage to be sexist, anti-LGBT+ and anti-Muslim/Jewish at the same time. The sentiment gets lost in the insults.
Please do not attack other posters and refrain from using such language.
Name calling and foul language does nothing more than create pointless arguments.
Having a moderate political affiliation does not merit a slur like that.
Using such language is hurtful and offensive, please refrain.
Being against violence does not have anything to do with sexuality, rather with morals.
Using these words is offensive and hurtful, please be kind.
It's better to take the high road and be concise but respectful when you disagree with someone.
It is easier to ignore someone if you don't have anything of value to add to the discussion.
This discussion would gain more traction without adding unnecessary slurs.
The amount of slang you use makes it almost impossible to comprehend what you are trying to say.
Attacking someone without any explanation makes you less likely to be taken seriously.
Please do not use inappropriate language here. Thank you.
Please use less foul language in the future here. Thank you
Language denigrating one's gender or sexual preference is unacceptable. Please refrain from its use.
Use of the c-word and other insults here is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults women.
This violates are rules we do not allow hate speech. Thank you
Use less foul language next time. Thank you
Please do not be offensive to others in speech here. Thank you
Use of a word derogatory towards people with mental disabilities is not necessary.
Lets dont use the "R" word for everything in this discussion.
could we use some thought her guys. i can not even understand the point.
Not all African Americans and women are bad people.
i am not gonna be able to take this seriously if we are just tossong slurs at people.
listen. we cant steroe-type a group everytime we say something and expect people to give this any merit.
It's ironic to use racial slurs in a post calling others racist.
It doesn't make sense to call out racism while using racist terms.
Holy cow, I'm guessing that this internet thing is really serious to you. I suggest going out and getting a breath of fresh air.
This comment is highly offensive to women as well as transgendered people.
I highly doubt that you could have written such an article yourself. Do it now, and post it, in your own words.
Posting the video without the racial slur is sufficient.
You should judge someone based on their character, instead of a racial or lifestyle stereotype.
The Jim Crowe era is over. Please find somewhere else to vent your fears.
Using that word mocks disabled people and isn't funny.
Mental retardation and female dogs are not the subject. Please consider this when posting. Thank you.
Making fun of disabled people is not a good comeback at all.
Using a derogatory term against the person you disagree with is insulting to those with actual mental disabilities.
Please refrain from comparing politicians to the mentally retarded. It demeans the poor things.
All of this seems intentionally meant to attack people who are really vulnerable.
thats not very funny
Interracial relationships aren't hurting anyone and aren't any of your business.
i feel bad for your parents
Please don't encourage anyone to harass another person.
make america great one comment at a time
You need to consider that people who are not of your race still have value.
Please don't use this word without thinking of the consequences.
what a great use of words
Disability is not something anyone should be made fun of or demeaned about.
Hey, xenophobic and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thanks
Disability is not something anyone should be made fun of or demeaned about. Sexual orientation is not something to insult someone over.
Language denigrating the mentally challenged or sexual preference is unacceptable. Please refrain from its use.
Whoa there, homophobic comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thank you
There is no need to use vulgar language
The use of that word is not okay. There are other words you can use that do not directly offend like this one does.
This word is not appropriate and should not be used.
Do not describe people by an ethnic slur
This word is not appropriate to use.
That is not an acceptable way to describe someone
This word is not acceptable to use. How would you feel if someone used a word like this to you discriminating your race?
Our country is quite divided right now, It's going to take some time to get things sorted out.
We should probably keep our children out of political and derogatory terms and let them do as they please, more compassion is better.
It's clear you are very passionate about your views, but it's hard to focus on your points with all of the vulgar language.
Both sides have done inappropriate things but we need to work together or no one wins.
If we want to be critical of someone's english we should be civil with our own word choice.
I get your point, but mixing offensive language up with violence is going to turn people against your argument.
The immigrants need to come to the US the legal way. I don't believe we are against them but want them to be legal.
Even if we hold people to such a level of disdain we shouldn't refer to them as such.
I hope you realize that those words are very offensive to not only women, but some men as well.
Violence doesn't solve much of anything, maybe look for a more successful tactic.
Even if he's a paid shill, we shouldn't be jumping to such derogatory terms if we want to be more assertive.
Wow, those words are pretty harsh.  Maybe you should just not interact with them at all if the level of dislike is so high.
The sex act between two consenting adults is their own business. Race is irrelevant.
Quite a controversial question that could easily be painted without the colorful terms.
I totally get your point, and would be furious.  Watch the language though if you would as is distracts from your argument.
This post made me somewhat sad; I feel we could do better when expressing ourselves online and should use nicer language!
Refrain from using that hateful term against a persons sexual orientation on this feed.
I agree that we are all entitled to our own opinions about people, but I don't think calling them names or slurs is fair or intelligent!
Woah, please do not use that racial slur when responding to posts.
I think comments like this would make a little more sense and be more readily accepted if we learned to use less hateful language!
Do not use that hateful term against someones sexual orientation to voice your opinions.
This statement is interesting, but I really feel we, as commenters, should work on expressing our opinions in a more tasteful way!
Avoid using that hateful term regarding sexual orientation when posting and responding on this feed.
Not sure about this info, but I think we would come across better in our comments if we refrained from aggressive and hurtful speech!
Please avoid using a mental disability as an insult to responses.
It is nice when a point is understood. But let's be more respectful here.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their sexual orientation (nasty lesbo,dyke bitch)
Sexual orientation has nothing to do with pro-abortion or pro-life. There is diversity among both groups.
Its inappropriate to use the words 'nigger,Negroes' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race.
Hey there, xenophobic and racist slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thx
I have a better idea. We all work together for all of the people.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (retarded) and race(kike). Refrain from such words.
I don't get all the history lessons without evidence.
Avoid words that directly attack one based on their mental health (retarded), gender (whore), and sexual orientation (faggotry).
The GOP needs an entire new set up reps. I think we need a whole new outlook period.
Please do not use mental disabilities when responding to others.
Refrain from using homophobic slurs when posting.
Please avoid offensive language regarding gender or sexuality.
Woah, do not use that type of hateful term regarding a persons race on here.
Do not refer to the female gender using that sexually vulgar term.
Please do not use terms that are abusive towards women.
Depends the context, could easily not be hate speech.
There's no need for harsh words against this women. You can differ from her opinions without this language.
Using vulgar language doesn't help to make one's point any more valid.
Other words, other words, other words
That person has the right to block you if you continue to use hateful racist words.
Using racial slurs speaks to one's character.
You can find something else to describe them
It is an alleged assault because there's no verified proof yet. Regardless, usage of words insensitive to mental disability is intolerable.
We can simmer down and have a quality conversation without caps lock or mean words
No one will believe your paranoia and conspiracy theories if you use this type of language.
Using foul language does not make one's point any more valid.
Funny joke, but those words aren't necessary
You can give suggestions on which tag to use without using anti-homosexual language.
Talking down on others makes one look childish.
You make no logical sense.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (retarded, idiot) and gender (cunt).
It is inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental disability. Refrain from words like 'retarded'
Beliefs don't often perceive reality.
Please educate yourself on the purpose of a search warrant.
Thank you, I will.
Please utter your words in a more sympathetic way to others.
Using vulgar language shows that you have a lack of a good vocabulary.
Please express your passions in a way that is not so hateful.
Hey There, xenophobic and racist slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Talking down on others because of their race shows who you are as a person.
Please disclose your feelings without the discreditable words.
Using vulgar language to speak about a woman shows one's true character.
Take out the nasty words you use toward others please.
Using foul language can show others that one has a lack of a good vocabulary.
Revise your speech and express your feelings without the distasteful talk please.
Using vulgar language speaks volumes about one's character.
Your choice in words are not very nice and they are hurtful to the general public, not just the intended audience.
Instead of hurling insults a rational debate is more helpful to others.
The use of the word 'faggot' is shallow and outdated. Please try to reform your opinion without it.
Replacing the foul language with more appropriate terms will make it more pleasurable for others to read.
Bringing someone's sexual preferences up doesn't add any value to your dialogue.
The use of the word 'retarded' is inappropriate and should be used as a negative description.
There are many better choices of words that should be used to replace the foul language.
Try using words like foolish or silly instead of attacking someone's mental capacity directly.
The use of the word 'faggot' was totally unnecessary. Please try not to use it next time.
It is better to make your point without the use of name calling.
Please do not be racist in your post. It can do more damage than you realize.
Using racial slurs speaks volumes about one's true character.
Just because someone deemed a word OK doesn't mean you should use it, especially if you normally disagree with them.
Your outlandish claims have no valid proof. You're only using false accusations to justify your racism.
Please do not use derogatory homophobic slurs, religious slurs, and racial slurs.
Use of the slur and violent hatred here is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults gays.
If you don't agree journalists', there's no need to wish they died in a Nazi-like manner.
Please do not use derogatory homophobic and religious slurs or derogatory language for women.
Use of the c-word and other slurs here is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults women.
You can have differing opinions to this woman without belittling her gender.
The non-Christian man might have been in the wrong, but you're also in the wrong for using homosexual slurs.
The logo has nothing to do with your illegitimate racially fueled conspiracy theories.
Please do not use derogatory homophobic slurs or religious slurs.
I don't know where to being here but I think you can take the antisemitism out of this. I am sure you're capable of it.
Please eradicate the hateful words from your commentary.
Not all African Americans are bad people.
Come on now. You can do better than to talk like that. It's not productive.
Please express your observations in a manner that is less debasing.
I don't find that a word that is derogatory towards all African Americans is helpful in constructing meaning or developing an argument.
That's beyond hateful stuff right there. I think you might need to re-evaluate your outlook, bud.
Please scour the hateful talk from your comments.
A word that is derogatory towards African Americans is not helpful.
That's pretty bad that you feel that way but I think you can attack ideas, not people.
Please put an end to the despicable comments and utilize more genial language.
Words that are derogatory towards women seem to only have the purpose of hurting women.
You can make the same point without talking like that. I would work on it.
Please discuss how you feel without the damaging attacks on people.
Please refrain from using hateful homophobic and ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread.
Please do not use racist language. It is completely unacceptable.
Please refrain from using hateful racist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread.
Racist language and sentiments are not appropriate. Please moderate your language.
Please do not denigrate people because of their ethnic or national origin.
Please refrain from using hateful racist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread.
Just because someone is from a different country, doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of.
Kindly avoid using racist language and expressions that denigrate women.
It doesn't make since to hate an entire race of people based on the actions of a few people.
Please do not use terms that discriminate based on sexual orientation or race.
Racist and homophobic language is not OK. Please express your views in a respectful way.
Please do not use terms that are offensive to those with disabilities. Do not discriminate based on religion and ethnicity.
Please do make antisemitic comments. It is not acceptable.
Please do not discriminate against or use terms that are offensive to religious groups.
It is not acceptable to use language that degrades others because of race or religion.
Please do not use terms that are offensive to those with disabilities or discriminate against a racial group.
Please do not use racist language. It is unacceptable.
Please do not describe people like that.
How interesting....I was just thinking that about you. Suggestion: get off the board for a while and gather your thoughts before posting.
Whoa, Derogatory and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
I can't understand what you're trying to say. Could you spell it out for us? Thanks.
Refrain from using vulgar language in posts please
If it's not too much trouble, could you write that out so that the rest of us could understand it? Thanks.
Hateful language is not acceptable
Hi There, Please refrain from using racist & derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
I'm going to try to be polite about this. bend over, take it like she did for years, and then tell me you wouldn't be crying like babies.
Do not use such vulgar language please
You had it right until the last two, when you expectantly soiled yourself. Clean it up, please.
Y'all don't need to be calling people nazis or faggots. both of those are really rude and impolite.
Attacking a person based on their political beliefs does not mean that your beliefs are the correct ones.
Please state the nature of the medical emergency. Before I fall asleep, please.
You don't get prostate cancer by being a "faggot". Chill out man.
Breast cancer and prostate cancer are different issues and certainly not an issue to make fun of or attack.
Men have all the time in the world to go get a cheap screening. Breast cancer doesn't work that way.
Wishing a heart attack on anyone is rude.
Attacking a person with such language does not help identify the heart of the issues.
Please don't use that word, it demeans women to compare him to them.
Calling someone a "retarded cunt" isn't very nice no matter how annoying they are.
A person's political action does not give the right to be called names of any kind.
like you have an issue with women. Please see a head-shrinker for that soon.
Damn dude, you're against a lot of people and I can't even tell what you're for. Be more polite.
A person chooses what to believe based on faith just as you have chosen atheism.
Wow, you nearly alienated the entire world. You must be very lonely in your room, all alone.
Your insulting language is uncalled for.  You could have expressed your opinion without using that language.
Use of the hatred and use of the c-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults women.
Why do you have to use hate speech to express your opinion.  You could have said the same thing without using those words.
You should use better terms when describing someone.
Your language is absolutely horrible.  Please try not to post comments like these, people do not enjoy reading them.
That is a horrible way to describe someone and you should refrain from speaking that way
This language is inappropriate.  you should refrain from saying things like this, they are demeaning to all different groups of people.
words such as those should not be used tp describe someone
You language is incredibly offensive.  Please refrain from saying things that target disinfranchised populations
Descriptive words such as those are horrible to use.
Please avoid ethnic slurs on this page.
Woah! Please use more universally accepted words to make your point, your language could be offensive to other people.
Many people find the c-word offensive. Please avoid it.
Your language is derogatory and offensive, and could be hurtful to others reading your comment. Please be careful in the words you choose!
Posts using the n-word will be deleted immediately.
its not okay to use that word to describe your views
Do not use hateful terms regarding sexual orientation in your posts.
it is not okay to talk about people that you do not know
Do not use hateful homophobic speech against orientation and identity on posts.
that statement is out of lines in a lot of ways
it is not okay to target a specific race of people for your agenda
Avoid using hateful terms regarding race on your posts.
Please be respectful of everyone
that isnt an acceptable way to describe a race of people
Please only provide valid and polite thoughts to threads.
there are alternative words that could be used
They should ban slurs, theyre unacceptable in todays modern society
there are other words that could be used to describe people of african descent
Please be respectful when talking about someone else when hiding from behind a computer screen.
These comments interest me, but I still think it'd be a better read if we could work on using less offensive language!
I think it's safe to say that you can attack his ideas and not go there.
This kind of word is not tolerated and is unnecessary to be used, please refrain.
I don't agree with murdering babies or anyone, but I think we should still try and not use hateful language towards others in our comments!
Both of you could use a bit of a better approach to how you talk about kids, with all due respect.
Using this hurtful language is not tolerated.
We're entitled to our own opinions, but I think using hateful slurs against people does no one good and makes the commenter look ignorant.
Using this kind of talk is not tolerated and is uncalled for.
I can understand the angst of this situation, but I believe it's important not to use better language to get our thoughts out there!
You can simply skip over the movie instead of spread hate. i don't think it is beyond you.
Using this kind of language is offensive and hurtful, please be kind.
Calling someone that isn't necessary to prove your point.
Such language is rude and unwelcome - additionally, it denigrates those with legitimate mental disability
Using characteristics that people don't choose isn't relevant in today's society. It's wrong and unnecessary.
It's understandable you may be upset with these individuals, but racial slurs reflect poorly on the person and communities allowing use.
Someone's characteristics should not be insulted. Its not right and is completely irrelevant.
Such terms are improper and ultimately degrading to those with mental disability. I recommend you take consideration in your choice of words
Calling someone names isn't necessary to prove your point.
2, 3  Putting it that way shifts people to race issues rather than the one currently being discussed.
2, This type of commentary is unnecessary, and does not contribute to the discussion an any way.  Stop.
2, Why would people were educated liberal thinkers for their time want to fight over cultural shifts that happened over the course of time?
Interesting how using so many slurs renders a statement irrelevant.
It is better to judge someone based on their character rather than their race.
Use of the c-word and other slurs here are unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults women and others.
2, Thank you for providing a demonstration of stupidity for us all, so next how do we best deal with this hate speech and get real work done
Racism, and the "n word," since it offends many, has no place in intelligent commentary. Help us put down the brake when it comes to hate!
Maybe if you showed your fellow human beings some respect you wouldn't have to find your enjoyment through bashing people online.
Please take a moment to read a history book, so your opinions don't give you away so easily as someone working on little to no knowledge.
I'm pretty sure that those are not the qualifying factors.
The term "fa--ot" comprises homophobic hate, and as such is not permitted here. So let's make a date to stamp out hate!
Why don't you worry more about what you are wearing and less about the choices of other people.
Avoid ableist (moron) and homophobic (faggot) words. They aree offensive and inappropriate.
You should not be calling anyone that word or using it at all.
We have decided to honor your request. We have recorded your IP and your are permanently banned from this platform. Have a nice day!
I hope you can see that your response is completely disproportionate.
You need to stop talking about women that way, especially total strangers.
Please take care in your terminology, this is a hate speech free platform. First and final warning. Thank you for your understanding.
You don't need to use this word to talk about people you simply don't like.
Language denigrating someone's sexual preference or the mentally challenged is unacceptable. Please refrain from its use.
Your post makes no sense and is racially offensive.
There's no reason to call someone by a slur.
All of the use of these words is offensive and mocks disabled people.
Please stop discussing people with disabilities so flippantly. This person is grieving  pet.
That word doesn't mean stupid, it is a serious medical condition.
I'm sorry you feel that way, but please refrain from making slurs.
I agree with your argument but could do without the homophobic slur.
I understand your sentiments, but keep the language respectful!
Each person is different. It is better to judge someone on their character, rather than their race or religion.
There is no reason to make hateful statements about these men.
On top of being incredibly racist, this statement is outdated. Minorities have more representation now than ever in this countries history.
The ideas you are expressing are OK but please lets keep an eye on our use of pejorative language that kills your point.
I completely agree with your opinion, but using hateful language will only assure that no one actually listens to what you are saying.
Totally unwarranted to hatefully insult people with a disability while expressing opinion.
lets remake that statement to something that means what I  think you want to say.
There are a million different words to call someone that disagrees with you, your choices here do not reflect well on your intellect.
Use of hateful language regarding sexual orientation is unnecessary and not humorous.
Lets try to be less derogatory so we can have a conversation please.
No one is ever going to listen to your opinions if you feel the need to bulk them up with derogatory words for shock value. It's cheap.
Use hateful language regarding women is unwarranted and unintelligent.
Totally unnecessary to hatefully insult women while expressing opinion.
im not sure if he will or wont take someone on. I would rather you use names and not derogatory words to describe people.
The N word and language denigrating one's race is unacceptable. Please refrain from its use.
The N word and language denigrating race or religious affiliation is unacceptable. Please refrain from its use.
Something should be done maybe call the health department instead.
Hey so tell me something new.
You can disagree with someone without calling him names, you know.
Look at a calendar, it's tie to stop using that word like that.
Using that word disparages innocent, disabled people.
There's no point in you writing that, only to be offensive. No one is impressed.
Advocating for racial extermination is deplorable. You need to feel shame..
Use of the n-word and hatred is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults blacks and others.
The vulgar language used here lacks to make a valid point.
Using that language is hurtful and uncalled for, please refrain next time!
Attacking another person for their appearance or religion is not tolerated.
Using this type of language to speak about a woman shows what type of person one is.
Using this kind of word to attack someone based on their gender is not tolerated.
Replacing the foul language with more appropriate words would make it easier for others ro read the post.
Using this kind of language is hurtful and offensive.
Talking down to others because of their race or sexual orientation speaks volumes to one's character.
Please do not use these words to attack someone based on their religion or other beliefs.
A person should not be degraded due to their political beliefs.
You could have expressed your opinion without using harmful and derogatory language.  Please do not use that term
I'd think that you have learned better words to describe women you don't like. Perhaps you could leave that word out.
Clearly the idea of hatred can spurn unnecessary attacks that would be better left unsaid.
Please do notuse such harmful and offensive language, there is no need to insult people like this.
You and I both know the difference between being "r" as you put it, and just plain dumb. Let's just call them stupid and be done with it.
The act of getting pregnant is a matter to be taken with respect and dignity for the mother and not a slanderous attack.
Your language is incredibly offensive, please try not to say things like this.
Apparently there was some mistake, and there's no reason to bring race into it at all. Yes, regulate the industry. Let's talk about that.
There is no need for slanderous attacks when dealing with politics.
Your language is very offensive and unwelcome here.  Please keep you opinions on these issues to yourself.
Wow, you sound pretty angry. Perhaps you've been downtrodden. Tell us about that.
Political beliefs have no place in whether or not laws are enforced and saying so further separates us as people.
Your opinions could have been expressed without using a single harmful or derogatory word.  Please do not insult people using these phrases
The point was that leftists will not be investigated because they haven't found anything in a dog's age. I's a waste of taxpayer's money.
Slow down and think before you post. Calling someone names and insulting others does not help you prove your point. It does the opposite.
We all have our own opinions and shouldn't be torn apart like this. Debate without all the negativity.
Only a child would believe in The Matrix. Please go back to your video games, son.
You can find a better adjective to describe this potential situation, such as "disfigured." Find a more accurate, kinder adjective.
I always loved making my own costumes on Halloween instead of wearing those plastic ones.
You can use a better word to describe the people your are talking about. What you said is rude and limits potential responses to your post.
Hitler was not a very nice man, but I don't think he would agree with the way you're speaking of him either.
I'm sorry, I didn't understand a word of what you said. Please try it in English, thank you.
Even if you meant this literally, there are better ways to describe this. Not only is it mean, but it does not explain why you feel this way
Whether you think he's suitable or not doesn't matter in the end. It is the votes that will decide.
Use of that word shows that you cannot think past it. Try "stupid" or "dumb" next time.
This comment has no meaning and does not even tell what you are talking about. Slow down and explain. Do not jump to insults.
Rape is not something to ever joke about. It destroys women's lives forever.
I suggest that you look up your own ancestors before putting anyone else down.
There's no need to use hateful language here. Tapping into people's personal viewing is gross and an invasion of privacy.
Gentlemen, please take your petty arguments somewhere else.
This whole conversation could have been said using 'people of color' rather than the n word.
It's obvious that you can't carry on an intelligent conversation. Give up.
The way I see it is that men will be enslaved by women in the future.
Please use 'person of color' instead of the n* slur.
We are at war, a war of words, and people like you are fostering it.
It's freedom of speech, and he's allowed to do it. Read your Constitution.
Wow, we made it all this way in the conversation without calling names. Let's get back on track.
You can't just use this word to indicate someone that you don't like.
Maybe if you lived when women were just slaves and baby-makers, you would know.
You should try to be more open to listening to people's points of view.
I find this discussion useless. There is no point to it except to set people upon each other.
There is no reason that this conversation had to involve antisemitism or slurs.
LOL you guys make me laugh. it's just that in polite society, one does not use those words.
When people tell you that they are upset, you shouldn't keep trying to upset them.
Well, all's well that ends well. Glad he left.
This is a pretty basic concept and you should not be so hostile about it.
Using a derogatory term against people you dislike is mocking those with actual mental disabilities.
please don't label people like that in front of me
grow up and say the man's name.
Hurling the "n word" epithetically constitutes hate speech and is banned from this forum. Please adjust your expression.
name calling doesn't change her statement.
Being a racist doesn't mean you have to be disrespectful.
This post seems to revel in an action of antisemitic hatred. Such hate-fueled reveries are not permitted here.
Using words that are offensive to race and sexual preference are not tolerate anymore. People have to be empathetic.
Please do not use derogatory religious and anti-Semitic slurs and homophobic slurs.
Using profanity and then attacking someone based on their choice of sexuality is never wise. It's better to use wiser words.
Please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabilities or homophobic slurs.
Words that attack intellect can be offensive to someone who may have a family member with true problems.
Automatically playing out the race card creates contentions and then using racial slurs creates more problems. It is best to avoid that.
Racial slurs create more problems and are never politically correct.
There's no statistical evidence to support your racially-biased statement. You're only preaching hatred.
There's no need for that language or hatred; if you have facts to back up your claims, then present them. Otherwise, it's your awful opinion
It's wrong to put the blame of an issue on an entire racial group. In addition, using slurs for mental disability is in poor taste.
I don't understand insulting people with serious disabilities to prove your point about how "stupid" someone else is.
If these allegations are true, then Mr. Booker should go to prison. Regardless, it's wrong to condemn a race due to one man's actions.
Your use of such language, hate speech, and discrimination make you look uneducated and hateful.
Your use of slurs for a female homosexual have nothing to do with the previous conversation on animals.
This doesn't even apply to the conversation presented here. It is simply discriminatory and hateful.
If this person is harassing you by creating other accounts, you should report him, instead of using slurs for mental disability.
There is no need to insult people with serious conditions to make your point of how "stupid" someone is.
It is not appropriate to use the r-word in this way
The F-word can be offensive to others on this forum. Please refrain from using such terms
The way that "Jew" is being used in this context can be viewed as Semitic and is not welcome in this community
Do not use hate language to describe someone
I don'[t understand how it effects you or why it matters to you what others do with their own bodies.
I think we ALL could do with a straightening out of our attitudes and the language we use towards others!
There is no need to insult people with serious disabilities to make a point of how "stupid" someone else it.
I agree that the stories may seem spoon fed sometimes, but maybe we could find better language to use when expressing ourselves!
Your post is full of hatred and discriminatory language, and adds nothing of value to any conversation.
Sometimes speech like this makes me feel sad; I think we all would be better off if we found less hateful words to use in our expressions.
Dp not use such vulgar language
The amount of hatred and uncalled-for insults here is ridiculous.
I believe there are times when we should stay in our places, but maybe we could do better than to call people hurtful names in our comments!
Such vulgar language is not acceptable
There is no need for that kind of hateful, discriminatory language to make your point. It makes you look uneducated and unoriginal.
I agree that we all have freedom of speech, but I believe using hateful language and hateful slurs takes away from those freedoms!
Using that word that negatively describes someone with a mental disability or that are sexist are not conducive to productive conversation.
Gender and disability aren't categories that should be the basis of an insult or disparagement.  It’s a lazy flex.
Race should never be used as an insult.  It’s wrong and it detracts from any other argument you are presenting.
Using a derogatory word to describe someone's race or religion is not productive in conversion and does not show care.
Please do not use racist derogatory language, it can be very hurtful and offensive to people of colour.
Using a derogatory word to describe someone's race or gender identity are not productive in conversion and do not show care.
Please do not use racist or homophobic derogatory language, it can be very hurtful and offensive to people.
Using words that profanely refer to somone's faith or parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
Please do not use anti-semitic slurs, they can be very hurtful to those of a jewish background.
Please do not use homophobic language, it can seriously hurt and offend people.
Use of the slurs here is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults the other.
Using a word that negatively references someone with a mental disability or one's gender identity does not promote understanding.
Please do not use homophobic derogatory slurs, as they can be very offensive and hurtful to people, especially those who are gay.
Ethnic bigotry, racism, the "n word," "fa--ot, " and homophobic hatred--all shouted from this lamentable post, are not permitted here.
Use of the n-word and other slurs is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults blacks.
Even though you may be the person's friend such language is degrading and could lead to later problems.
Assuming that a person is working like a slave is not a reason to degrade another race.
Pejoratively using the "n word" IS "extreme racism of the highest order". If you cannot adjust you may face banishment.
A person's nationality or pride in it is not a reason for personal generic attacks.
A person is allowed to have different political beliefs without personal attacks.
Perhaps the reason for GAB threatened the shut down is personal attacks based on political beliefs.
This kind of language is not tolerated here, please be kind.
It suffices to say that I love others and wish no harm to you or others
Woah! your language is derogatory, and could be hurtful to others. Please take caution when speaking to other users on public forums.
Using such language is uncalled for. Please refrain.
Average people aren't necessarily retarded they just haven't been as fortunate as you in getting early training.
This kind of language is hurtful and not tolerated.
Please, I've committed no such crimes and wish no harm to you.  I want only basic respect and acceptance.
Please use more universally accepted words, and avoid making any direct attack on other individuals. Thanks for understanding!
Please be kinder when posting, this kind of language is not tolerated.
Please give her a break.  She's in a very competitive business.  She works hard as I'm sure you do too.
Use of this language is not tolerated and is hurtful. Please refrain.
Everyone should be represented without being insulted.  A religion that large can't be 100% composed of bad people.
Woah! Your use of strong language is not appropriate in public forums such as this. Please be careful in how you speak about and to others.
Use of the slurs is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults others.
I think you can trash talk the music without going to that extreme. You should work on it.
Hurling insults and not saying anything else isn't a productive use of the forum.
You can comment on the terrible crime without even having to be racist. Give it a shot.
Better to post the link with just the title, leading with your opinion unfairly frames the discussion.
I believe you can put down this behavior without the hateful sexism. You're above that.
Calling someone names doesn't add anything to the discussion, maybe source what made you say that to the article itself.
Come on now, that's beyond wrong to say. I think you can disagree without hate. Try it.
It's fair to want to know why someone did something, but you'll get a more desirable response if you don't swear at them.
You can put him down for his beliefs without the hateful sexism.
Nothing is added to the conversation with one word insults, rational responses always get the best results.
I understand the system is frustrating and flawed, I still think it's possible to vent opinions without name calling or hateful speech.
This thread is confusing because instead of proper nouns there is just hate words. Clean up the language so others can know what you mean.
This does sound suspicious, but I believe it isn't polite or tactful to call people hateful names!
The hateful words you are using do not further your point. It makes it seem like you are agreeing with the suspect mentioned.
I understand we are all entitled to our opinion, but I don't think hateful name calling is the greatest way to get our points across!
The name calling is senseless and does not add anything of importance to your post. It dissuades people from talking with you.
While I understand the frustration with certain people, I believe we can find more intelligent/less offensive ways of expressing ourselves!
Instead of hate speech, use full words, nouns and adjectives to make a point. The post is confusing as it is now.
I don't believe violence is ever the answer, and calling people racists names only makes the situation that much worse!
Your comment does not add anything or mean anything. Instead of being mean, explain why you feel this way. Be open to disagreement.
You can refer to this person without having to use this harsh language. It prevents people from easily responding to you.
Please don't talk about disabled people this way, they can't defend themselves.
First do research because you are wrong, second don't state opinion as if its fact. Finally, your language only detracts from the point.
Racist language and sentiments are not acceptable. Please moderate your language.
I think you need to expand your ideas to include reality.
If you are quoting hate speech there is no reason to actually use the hate speech.
Even if you are trying to make a point I wish that you would not repeat that word.
There is no reason or benefit to using this word. Another word would work if you must insult someone, but it is better to not insult them.
This is not a good way to tell someone that you think they're stupid.
There is nothing funny about a Hitler mustache or the hate speech.  Think about how you will look, it will not help you prove your point.
None of this is funny and it's a problem if you find it funny.
Please avoid expressions that denigrate people of other races, nationalities or languages.
Racist language is not appropriate. Please moderate your speech.
Please do not use racist speech.
It is not a good idea to engage in discourse with someone you have no intention in agreeing with
Your arguments and point you are trying to get at would be more well received with a better choice of words that don't demean the disabled.
It would be better to quote people's statements instead of generalizing someones mental capabilities.
I'm sorry you hold such intolerance toward people of African-American descent
When everyone is agreeing with you it's especially unnecessary to throw around hateful words.
Talking about a females body parts in this context doesn't add to your ability to get a point across.
There are many alternatives to use other than that damaging word
Even using shortened words that are disrespectful is not necessary and adds nothing to advance your opinion.
His sexuality is irrelevant.
Hate speech towards sexual orientation and race is extremely disrespectful and should not be used online or at all.
You could say you don't like the music instead of using sexual slurs.
What was said is rude and hurtful. Hate speech should never be used towards anyone.
Her sexuality has nothing to do with her political position.
Use of the slurs here is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults gays and women.
Mean slurs about orientation and a sexual body parts are disgusting, and you should be banned from social networks.
You might disagree with him, but leave sexuality out of it.
Mean slurs towards sexual orientation are inexcusable and rude, you should be banned from online.
The article speaks for itself without the racial slurs.
Racial slurs are not needed on the internet, you should be banned from posting online.
It's more useful to show your displeasure with someone by leaving out references to sexual parts of a person.
Let's keep it clean guys.
The media is afraid of real humans of all kinds.
There are much more eloquent ways to show your displeasure with someone.
Racism will get you blocked. Let's respect our cultural differences and instead of degrading one another, lets learn something.
Sure... other people bypassed it on their way to enjoy deliciousness at 7/11.
Show compassion of others by not using hateful words, you're more likely to draw them to your side.
While I agree that the protests are totally uncalled for, we need to not add to the fire by degrading one another.
They are supporting materialism on those three days so they can feel good about themselves protesting.
Jokes are OK, but try to make sure they are not attacking certain groups, that way everyone can have a good laugh.
Fredo!!!!!!
When bringing up Jesus you should use words that he would use, which often were not hateful.
Religious and race bashing is not tolerated here. Please if you are going to quote Jesus give a source.
Jesus was a Jew, he fulfilled Jewish law. Pretty sure He'd be on IG.
All African Americans aren't bad people.
You can have your opinions on Kavanaugh (and Cory Booker) without the use of racial slurs.
Please avoid using racial slurs when responding to posts.
Not all women are bad people.
Regardless of Nancy Pelosi's views differing from you, you don't have to attack her gender or wish for her death.
Avoid using sexually crude terms when regarding the female gender and avoid use hateful sexual identity terms.
Racial slurs are never appropriate, even when you have a question on genetics.
Stop using hateful racial slurs when responding and posting on here.
A word that is derogatory towards all African Americans is not necessary to describe a person.
If this even is true, it's a tragedy. Regardless, you shouldn't use either of these slurs to describe the people involved.
Please refrain from using hateful racial slurs on posts.
I understand your point, but there are more acceptable ways to convey your argument.
There might be a legal toll to pay if your commented is interpreted as a threat.
I understand your point but the language you are using is quite harsh.  I'd back off the usage of that term a bit.
Consent is sexy and using disparaging comments about women and people that are intellectually challenged is not.
I hope you realize that particular term is quite offensive in today's society.
I'm not sure if Lodi Silverman is homosexual. It also doesn't matter.
I get your point, but the usage of that word only detracts from your argument.  People get distracted when they hear verbiage like that.
I don't like the political path they have led us on either, but we can use a better word than "retarded" to describe it.
Please don't use that description.
Please try to be more civilized.
Please refrain from racial slurs.
Please do not use derogatory racial or ethnic slurs.
I'm sure that you can refrain from using those hateful words.
And you are any better, using those words?
Anyone with a child knows how easy they can scam you.
That kind of language is unacceptable here.
While it's unfortunate that this person was scammed, I don't agree that hateful speech helps make anything better!
Offensive people only.
Please don't use racist slurs on this platform.
I feel this statement is sad, and we should really be focusing less on hate and more on acceptance and kind speech towards each other!
If they write in all caps, maybe there is something else wrong with them.
Please don't use slurs related to people's mental ability.
As commenters, I believe it is our duty to be careful and thoughtful about what we say in our speech; as to not offend others around us!
Please explain this Gates of Vienna community better.
Anti-semitism and slurs related to disability are unacceptable on this platform.
I understand we all are entitled to our opinion, but I also believe that we should abstain from hateful and hurtful speech towards others!
Say yes to term limits.
Please refrain from using ablist slurs that denigrate those with limited mental abilities.
I feel as reasonable people we can all agree that using rude/ignorant speech against each other isn't always the best form of expression!
It would be both inappropriate to call you that and for you to assume that older men would think that.
There's no reason to call people names and attacking their ethnic backgrounds.
Addressing someone in this manner isn't necessary, Please refrain and use other descriptive means.
Perhaps it would be best to not judge someone by their wealth until more is known about his character.
The need to utilize such language when attempting display your opinion isn't necessary, please refrain.
Perhaps a little perspective and not grouping all liberals together might be a start.
Everyone is entitled to an opinion, on the other hand doing so in such a negative manner is unnecessary.
Please stop saying such nasty things and using the word 'retard' and autistic in a negative manner.
Perhaps being a little more understanding of those with special challenges in this world might make you think twice about using such insults
That is hate speech. Please do not use language that degrades people because of their race or gender.
Using derogatory words to describe someone's race or that are sexist are not productive in conversion and does not show care.
That language is not appropriate. Please do not refer to people in a way that demeans them because of their race.
Words that attack someone's race are neither careful, nor considerate.
The person asked a legitimate question and using racial slurs does not answer the question, only antagonizes it.
These posts are interesting, but I believe we could do better than to use hateful or vulgar language to get our points across!
Using a word that negatively describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
Because a person holds to different beliefs does not mean there is something wrong with them mentally.
Words that negatively reference someone with a mental disability or gender identity is not the reason why good conversation exist. :).
Not all Muslems hold to the same believes and need to be judged as individuals.
Arguments can definitely happen, but I feel we could get more points across if we abstained from hurtful or vulgar language!
A person's political beliefs in no reason for name calling and tearing each other down.
I understand that emotions run high in political races, but I believe we should keep bad language minimal and comment more intelligently.
I hope this was in good gest, but it doesn't seem like the case. We can use more civil words for such jokes!
No real reason for you to reference the tar soap by bashing a race.
Well that escalated quickly, we can use more civil language
It doesn't matter if someone is gay, you really should think about the language being used.
If we project we should use more calm words as to look more proper
You sound immature and could describe the University student with out all the remarks.
It is not appealing to degrade and call someone names for their religion.
There is no need to insult people with serious disabilities to make your point.
Please do not use racist or sexist expressions. It isn't OK to demean people because of their gender or ethnic origin.
Using hate speech and derogatory language doesn't make you look educated or humane.
Using slurs against certain religious groups does not make you look educated or rational.
Please do not use language that demeans people because of their religion or culture.
The use of derogatory terms towards certain religious groups and stereotypes, as well as poor spelling, comes off as uneducated.
Please do not use offensive terms to describe Muslims.
Please do not use derogatory homophobic language and anti-Semitic rhetoric.
As people, I think it is our responsibility to be informed and not use awful language when we speak our ideas and opinions!
People's behavior can be ridiculous at times, but I believe we can counteract that with positive speech and less hateful words!
I respect the opinion but I do not agree with it, and we should really be more aware that the speech we use is not offensive to others.
I do not believe these comments are fair or kind!  We should be working on improving ourselves and our use of language towards others!
I am a firm believer that name calling is a form of bullying and as mature adults we really should be working on not being so hateful!
Your accounts have been closed and your IP addresses recorded and banned. No appeal will be possible. Have a great day.
Please do not use terms that are offensive to a racial group or to those with disabilities.
Hate speech is not tolerated on this platform. Your accounts have been closed and your IP addresses recorded and banned. Have a great day
It is better to judge someone based on their character, instead of their race.
Please do not discriminate against or use terms that are offensive to a racial group.  Please do not use terms that are demeaning to women.
Hate speech is not tolerated on this platform. Your accounts have been closed. You can appeal by emailing a Moderator. Thank you.
Please do not use offensive terms or discriminate based on sexual orientation.
Hate speech is not tolerated on this platform. Your account has been suspended. You can email a Moderator to appeal this action. Thank you.
It doesn't make sense to name call and judge someone you've never even met based on what the media says.
It is not tolerated to attack a specific group of ethnics, religion, or sexual orientation, the world does not become better that way
Please refrain from using hateful and homophobic language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this sub.
Please refrain from using hateful and racist language in your posts.  It adds nothing valuable to your argument or the discussion.
All human are born without clothing, die without money
Please refrain from using hateful racist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation.
People have rights to choose their own sexual orientation
Please refrain from using hateful homophobic language in your posts.  It adds nothing valuable to the discussion here.
Freedom of speech does not allow you to direct your speech to attack a specific group of race, religion, sexual orientation or gender!
Please refrain from using hateful racist and homophobic language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation.
That is a very disturbing viewpoint but there is no reason you should respond to it.
A way to stop all of the hate is to quit letting it get to you. Quit feeding it. Be happy and live your own life.
It is based upon religious and caste.
I can feel that you feel very strongly about this but i believe there are more productive ways to get your point across.
Its better to have a debate without the name calling. Its far more educated and shows that both sides know what they are talking about.
Ok, Ok, Ok. Lets try not to get into a n nonfactual argument behind the keyboard guys. There are better ways to get your point across.
It is completely based upon religious and spiritual fact.
Far better ways to form your sentence that will promote getting an honest answer from the person that you are asking.
Please try not to use this word when describing others. Try to use a different strong word to display your disguise.
Please explain why you think of him as being gay, because I never heard anything like that in the news.
The language used in this post is offensive. Is there a reason you're choosing these words?
No body bothered to explain what an NPC is. Could someone enlighten us?
Using the word 'retarded' as a negative is impolite and unnecessary.
It has to be a better way for you to display your opinions. Please try to refrain from derogatory language.
As far as I know, the "k" word was used by whites when they were the elite in South Africa. That's why.
The word 'nigger' isn't needed for your point to get across. Please try to refrain from using such language.
It's racism disguised as art. Ignore it. The more attention it gets the more he likes it.
Please avoid using terms that degrade women. Thank you.
This reply has nothing to do with the OP. If you disagree, trying talking about it instead of name calling and insulting.
Describe why you feel this way instead of just typing the first emotions and words that pop into your head. Slow down before you post.
Please do not use antisemitic or homophobic language.
Your comments are lacking in any meaning and are hard to read and understand due to the poor language. Clean it all up so that it's readable
Please do not use racist or homophobic language.
Try to be calm and think about what you are posting. Not only is it insulting, but it could even be considered a crime. Think first.
This would be a good debate if attacking sexual orientation or religions was left out of it.
Using race and religion disrespectfully to attempt to prove a point is ridiculous and offensive.
Please do not use derogatory racial slurs or white supremacy rhetoric.
Your hateful words make it hard to attract much support for what you are trying to say.
It is unacceptable to speak about African Americans that way.
Please do not use anti-Semitic rhetoric or derogatory language for intellectual disabilities.
It is better to use the word silly or foolish instead of bringing those with true mental illness into the discussion.
You can voice your opinions but please refrain from using hateful language.
Calling someone sexual parts doesn't advance this discussion, your point would be made just as well without it.
Offensive words regarding women are not tolerated here.
Please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabilities or anti-Semitic rhetoric.
Yelling and shouting names towards others is not the best way to win people over to your side.
Please voice your disagreement in a respectful way
Every kid and adult in Western culture would suppose that as it's all they were taught.
Please educate me as to who called you a scholar. Guessing you called yourself that. Please away. Far away. Now.
Use of those words are offensive and should not be used in such a descriptive context.
Interesting that people of color could be called white by your logic.
It died in the 60's and should be left there. Resurrecting names that don't belong is juvenile and will be dealt with. You'll see.
Using those words is unnecessary and uncalled for. Please refrain.
Just wow. Women have enough cultural oppression. Women of color doubly so.
Yes, it is your fault when you impregnate them and leave them, beat them, and fail to pay them what you pay other men. #Nuffsaid.
The language that is being used is not tolerated and is unnecessary. Please refrain.
Trading in on a bad relationship is bad form, any name you give it.
Don't bring race and sexism into this conversation. It was implied, anyway.
If it ends with -ist, it has a whole other language.
Yep, think he was speaking another language. *Raises hand, waving* Can we get a translator here?
Using this language is unnecessary, please refrain.
I know you are upset but please don't use offensive terms. It does no good.
There's no good reason to talk like that. i am sure you can make your point without being homophobic.
Please know there are other ways to get your point across rather than name calling.
I don't think you need to call him that. I don't think it adds anything useful
I understand you are upset but please use another word besides that one.
You can make your point perfectly fine without going there, bud.
We are allowed to have differing opinions but there's no need to use that language. It does no good and adds nothing.
There's plenty of valid ways to trash talk him without going about it like that. Stop it.
Please know that that can be offensive and there's other ways to get your point across.
Pretty sure you know that that's a good way to get people to NOT listen to you.
Using the misogynistic terms "c---" and "b--ch" pejoratively is so offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
you should think of your mother when you say that word
Racist hatred, the "n word," and misogyny brand this post as hate speech and as such it has no place here.
i think you are the one who cant be believed
The "n word"" is racist, demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary.
if hes got chicken ive got the taters and cole slaw ill be down at the house
Homophobic hatred is anathema to civilized expression; such hate speech is not permitted here.
and you are someone who is probably way past 40 and still dont know respect
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and must be avoided. Please comply, or be asked to fly.
im sure weve all almost died during a ceramony
Please refrain from using derogatory terms for women
Please do not use language that degrades women. It is not acceptable.
Please refrain from using derogatory terms for homosexuals and people of any race.
Racist and homophobic speech is not acceptable. Please moderate your language.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their sexual orientation (faggot, fag) and race (nigger).
Racist and sexist statements like that are not acceptable. Please moderate your language.
That term expresses disdain for an entire race and culture. Please refrain from using it again.
Its inappropriate to use the word 'Wigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race.
A person's political beliefs is not a reason to call such horrible names.
Please don't speak this way about someone who has served her country.
Perhaps it would be better to discuss the issues instead of tearing each other down.
I don't think that anyone thinks that violence is the way to solve this.
Perhaps the choice should be one of personal appreciation and not worrying about offending others.
I think you should make more of an effort to listen to what people's objections are.
A person's sexual choices do not mean he acts like everyone else that makes similar choices.
You should not be so happy to try to slander someone with an identity that isn't shameful.
No language of that kind will help have an open conversation.
Please work harder to remove words like this from your vocabulary.
Just because someone has a different opinion than you, doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of.
Simply unwarranted to use hateful language regarding people with a disability while expressing opinion.
You can make your point using kinder words, but ultimately because of the words you used I do not even know what you are saying.
Use of hateful language regarding sexual orientation is unnecessary and unimpressive.
Before you post something this harsh you should instead do some self reflection as to why you are so angry.
Use of hateful language regarding gender is unnecessary and unintelligent.
These posts are devoid of meaning and are just gas lighting.If there is nothing positive to move the conversation forward, say nothing.
It is better to judge someone on their character rather than a race or religion.
You can talk about these things easily using different words. Doing this will open your post up to more discussion
Surprise its hate speech again!  Seriously: the n-word is truly banned here. Please help us put down the brake when it comes to hate!
Use of hateful speech regarding race is not necessary or warranted.
Everyone is different. It is better to judge someone on their character, instead of their race or intelligence.
Racism and disabled-bashing, because they are examples of hate speech, are banned from this forum. Let’s squelch hate—together!
No need to use hateful language regarding sexual orientation while posting here.
Antisemitic and homophobic hatred, because they are examples of hate speech, are banned from this forum. Let’s squelch hate—together!
Use of hateful language regarding race and sexual orientation is not necessary or intelligent.
It doesn't make sense to judge and name call people you haven't even met.
Homophobia ("fa--ot")  and racism, plus the "n word," plus misogynistic hatred ("b--ch") equals hate speech a-popping. Lets not use it.
No need to use hateful langauge regarding sexual orientation while expressing an opinion.
Many hate this homophobic hate speech, and the word "fa--ot." Words have power, please be careful how you use them.
I understand this person obviously is upsetting, but hateful name calling will only make the situation that much worse!
You can silence someone without insults and attacking one's gender.
I agree with free speech, but I also believe we need to be more thoughtful and use less hateful words in our comments and debates.
People are free to have their own political opinions and religious affiliations.
Racism and antisemitism infect this post to the point of ejecting its author if this continues.
I seriously think that we, as commenters, need to work on using cleaner and kinder language with each other!
Your opinions of climate change can be better supported without the use of slurs against this woman.
I know everyone has their own opinion, but I think we should really use better words and not be so crass!
This women deserves respect, as do her children (if by any chance they are mentally handicapped).
Using that word discriminates against people with disabilities. You can rephrase your comment to have the same effect without hurting people
A word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities is not helpful.
There is no need to insult people with serious disabilities in your rant about a political party you don't agree with.
The use of that word is highly offensive to people of color. It is not necessary to use such language.
Hate towards all African Americans is not warranted.
There is no reason to use the hateful word you have used to describe this scenario.
Your language here is offensive. Would you want your child reading this?
Your use of words that are derogatory towards all women and African Americans does not add any meaning to your comment.
There is no need for that type of hate speech. If you have a point and can't make it better than slinging insults, you're obviously wrong.
This language is hurtful to people with disabilities. Please reconsider your use of that word.
There are a lot of other words that could be used that don't insult people with serious disabilities.
This language is inappropriate. You can get your thought across without using it.
Words that derogatory towards homosexual people aren't necessary.
You had no point, no facts, nothing more than insults and hate. You can't be taken seriously.
All users could have continued the conversation without this language. It would have promoted kindness to the unkind user.
It is better to judge someone on their character instead of a stereotype about the group they belong to.
Replying to a mean comment with another, especially by replying with hate speech, is foolish. Be the bigger person and be kind.
This comment is skewed by the word choice. You could have chosen a different word that would have helped further the discussion.
The comment is confusing because of the all the names you called the person. Get rid of the name calling and make you point more simply.
It doesn't make sense to hate an entire religion or group of people just because of rumors and stereotypes.
"Ret--ded" as used here offends many and should be avoided. Thank you for *your* help in keeping hate away.
I can definitely agree with the fact that everyone is entitled to their own opinion, but I feel strongly we should watch our hurtful speech!
Your language is offensive to several groups of people and will not be tolerated on this site.
Antisemitisn, misogyny, homophobia, and the word "fa--ot" are constitutive of hate speech; such ill-considered venom is forbidden here.
I know debates and topics can get heated, but I still think we should reign in our hate and work on using kinder speech!
Shootings and death are ALWAYS going to be sad and I don't think degrading and shameful speech makes anyone feel better about it!
The language you've chosen to use is offensive and will not be tolerated.
Disabled bashing and misogyny, because they are constitutive of hate speech should not be used here.
These comments were a bit confusing and I feel they might have been more easily understood if there was less hateful language!
Your language displays a lack of character and is highly offensive to multiple groups.
The term "faggot" is offensive to many people and so should not be used in a political commentary.
I feel like some insults are meant to be shocking, but in reality it makes the commenter appear ignorant!  We need to be better than this!
Descriptive words should be changed as they are offensive
No need to offend all homosexuals because you don't agree with one.
Pointless waste of time to intervene. Block them, if possible
That is a horrible word to use
Your hateful slur adds nothing to the discussion.
No point. This is Gab. It's for bigots.
There is o need to be aggressive over this subject
That choice of words is offensive to women, not funny.
I don't get the joke. Sorry
That is a horrible use of speech and very vulgar language
You don't have to use racial slurs to get your point across.
Just mute him
Please refrain from bad language such as that which has been used.
I have no idea what they're talking about.
Its inappropriate to use 'dyke' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
Your language is very offensive.  Please try to keep your opinions on things like this to yourself.
Let's try to foster a respectful community by avoiding harmful language like that. The lesbian community needs support.
This sort of language is harmful to the homosexual community and will only further the divide between groups in the world today.
Why say things like this.  Just because you do not enjoy these sports gives you no right to insult a demographic.
You're only weakening your argument by using derogatory and demeaning language. Let's discuss why you feel the need to speak this way.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their race (nigger) and sexual orientation (faggot)
You could have passed over this post without typing something this offensive.  Please don't do things like this.
Your response does nothing to help your argument or credibility. Try to foster respect in order to convince others of your standpoint.
You should not use the offensive language that you do, there are ways to have intelligent conversations without resorting to harmful insults
This is factually and historically incorrect and the language in your response only harms the disabled community.
Yo, the Needlessly Offensive Olympics called and they said come get your medals
please do not use insulting words and words about disabilities thank you
A person's political beliefs do not necessitate such a personal attack.
Whoa! Can't we differ on politics without resorting to bigotry? I'm starting to think you guy just hate black people.
Please refrain from making racist remarks thanks
A person's race is not a reason to convert to racial slurs and attacks.
I'm positive you could express yourself in a way that isn't immediately alienating to all who experience you
Please do not make hateful and insulting remarks toward people thanks
A person's political beliefs are not a reason to degrade the person with personal attacks.
Yikes! You guys should be ashamed. Imagine if your mother saw this.
A person's political beliefs does not mean she is lying in anyway.
You really should not use slurs like that against a woman.
This isn't funny and it's never acceptable to use that horrible word.
Please refrain from using derogatory terms for black people or people of any other race.
Please don't look for conspiracy in terrible tragedies like this.
Whether or not this was a mistake, that's no reason to use racial slurs.
Please refrain from using derogatory terms for the mentally handicapped and people of any race.
I wish you could see the irony in talking about the Pope this way.
Racist speech is not acceptable. Please moderate your language.
Everyone has  value
Please avoid racist and homophobic speech.
That statement is rude.
Please avoid expressions that denigrate people because of their gender, race or religion.
Lets try not to be so judgemental.
I  suggest you not watch Fox TV when your children are present or completely stay off the Fox channel. It's your right to complain to Fox.
Please do not denigrate people on the basis of their religion.
Alot of drunk people make bad decisions, it doesn't mean this happened due to his religion.
Please use better language Thank you
This violates our rules please use better language. Thank you
Our other users do not appreciate your foul usage of language please refrain. Thank you
Please do not speak that way here. Thank you
Hate speech is not tolerated on this platform. The only acceptable term is persons with disabilities. First warning. Thank you.
Please avoid using mental impairments as a way to insult others.
This is a hate speech free platform. Your account has been suspended. You can email a Moderator to appeal. Review our user policies. Ty
Please do not use a persons mental disability as a way to insult others on this post.
Sexist hate speech is not tolerated on this platform. Final warning before account suspension and ban. Thank you and have a great day
Please refrain from using sexually vulgar terms regarding the female gender.
Do not use hateful racial terms when posting.
A lot of hateful words just really aren't that funny, try to be more nuanced and you'll get a bigger audience.
Please know that that word is very offensive and you can still get your opinion across without saying it.
It's better to just ask questions without adding additional descriptions, it skews the discussion.
Your accounts are closed. You can appeal this action by emailing a Mod. Opening a new account will result in a permanent IP based ban.
That language is hurtful and offensive. Please know that you can have your own opinion without using those words.
If this discussion was just cleaned up a little but it would be a insightful read for a larger audience.
If your account has been recently closed consider it a permanent IP based ban. Thank you, and have a great day!
Everyone can have differing opinions without using language and words that are offensive. Lets just leave it.
You can ask your questions without directly insulting people, you're more likely to get a reasonable response.
Historical inaccuracies do not excuse hate speech. We insist that you review our user polices and consider this a first warning. Thank you.
Please know that that word can be very hurtful and offensive. You can get your opinion across without using it.
Even when you are trying to be funny, a lot of people don't find certain phrases funny and quickly move on from your comment.
Please take the time to review our hate speech policies during your account suspensions. You can appeal by emailing a Mod. Ty
We can have differing opinions but using those words just create more hate in the world.
for user 2, remind them that word is not politically correct anymore
Using a more appropriate term to replace the foul language will help others to take the post into consideration more.
the f word to describe people of the LGTQ community is not correct
the word dyke is not politically correct to call females
please don't use the n word to describe black people
Using racial slurs shows others your true personality.
the n word is not to be used in any situation!
There are better ways to describe someone without resorting to racial slurs.
Using racial slurs speaks volumes about your character.
That word has a lot of damaging history and I appreciate it if you not use that towards vulnerable people.
There is absolutely no reason to be calling her those insults because of a different viewpoint.
Name calling does nothing more than create arguments that fail to make any valid points.
There is no reason to degrade Muslims all because you refuse to accept someone's viewpoint
I do not want to hear anyone referred to by that word.
That word is extremely insensitive and offensive to women.
You should not make light of such horrible acts, and that word is very insensitive and offensive to women.
Refrain from using the words 'moron' since its ableist and 'cunt' as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender.
Anyone can run things as well as anyone else, gender makes no difference.
Everyone has a right to their religion and we shouldn't use negative slang terms to describe them.
Please avoid using racist language. Express your opinions respectfully.
The N-Word in this context is not appropriate
Please do not use language that degrades people because of their sexuality.
The words you are using are offensive, please refrain from using these terms
Racist and homophobic language is not acceptable. Please express your views in a more moderate way.
This is inappropriate and offensive.
It is better to judge someone on their character, rather than their race or lifestyle.
Your post has factual inaccuracies in it that should be corrected. Using hate speech doesn't cover this up and only makes you less reliable
I agree with some of the statements, but I can't help but think they would sound more intelligent if less foul language was used!
Your words do nothing and mean nothing since that person will not see them. Find other ways to express yourself.
Name calling and racial slurs, to me, seem to lack intelligence!  Instead of tearing eachother down, we should be encouraging less hate!
All the name calling prevents the conversation from going well and it is unnecessary. Stop it so that things can go better in the discussion
While I understand this is a highly spirited debate, perhaps we can work on using less hurtful and offensive language in our speech!
Even though you are quoting there are ways you can do this in a way which does not require you to use the hateful word.
This name calling does not prove a point or forward the conversation. Instead delve into your idea: explain it, research it, discuss it.
I feel that even regardless of how we feel, we should always try to be respectable in our language about others and ourselves!
When you talk like that, no one will listen.
You won't win anyone over by using racial or religious slurs.
Stating facts is more powerful than name calling if you're trying to get people to listen.
No reason to use a negative term when you would have better conversation without it.
These conversations would be much more structured without racey words for the sake of being offensive
It would be better if you said nothing instead of bashing the woman.
Word choice is important to not sound angry!
The way you refer to different races and sexual acts is not called for in this conversation.
Points are much better made without intense racism
I sympathise with people's frustrations, but I still do not think calling names and being hurtful is a great way to get a point across!
Avoid using a mental disability as an insult to other users.
Stop using a mental impairment as an insult to the female gender.
As frustrating as dealing with certain people can be, I feel it's our responsibility to abstain from using hurtful language against others!
Do not use hateful racial slurs to insult others and homophobic slurs when responding to others.
Such language!  I feel that we can show how much more intelligent we really are by working on controlling the hateful speech we put out!
Disabled bashing, the "r word," homophobia hatred, "fa--ot" create a very unpalatable stew. Eliminate the hate--it doesn't look good on you!
The comment about the bird was funny, but I think we can all take a lesson from this and work on curtailing our vulgar and hateful speech!
The "n word" is offensive and a sign of racist hatred. In the future, please replace your hate with love, thanks.
Guessing he's got a thing for her and can't come out about it. Let's just leave him alone with his thoughts.
Try ignoring a user you don't agree with, adding insults only flames the fire.
Drones will be outlawed soon. Better buy a few before it happens. You know, for defense.
Better to point on facts and use reasoning instead of just throwing insults, it will be taken more seriously that way.
There's no reason to compare Muslims and that slur to pets
Yipes. Sinaed was silenced only here in America, where we couldn't accept what she did on SNL. She's still big in Ireland.
Remember that there are all types of people in every religion, and that we shouldn't generalize an entire group.
If I were you I'd educate him.
You should think about using words such as foolish or silly, they get the point across just as well without being offensive.
Your comments don't add anything to the discussion and will cause people to ignore the story you're commenting on.
Please use another word to describe the nationality you are speaking about. Using that word is offensive to me, and to their culture.
Using those words to describe someone is very hurtful, and offensive to me. Please try to use other descriptors.
Churchill was a brave and poweful leader, and I don't appreciate you using those words to talk about him.
The R word is something that is considered hurtful to many people, including myself. Please chose a different word when speaking to me.
Please do not use derogatory homophobic slurs or white supremacist rhetoric.
Homosexuals and people of color are part of our world. You are not better than anyone because of the color of your skin or sexual orientatio
Please do not use derogatory racial slurs or racial supremacy rhetoric.
Please do not use derogatory racial slurs for derogatory language for intellectual disabilities.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their race (niggers, spooks) and sexual preferences (coal burner).
Because homophobic venom is legally hate speech, we are not allowed to host its purveyors. Please comply or you may be asked to leave us.
Antosenetic hatred
If you feel that it sucks to be you, try talking to someone you trust or a therapist instead of venting to the internet.
Totally unnecessary to insult people based on race while expressing and opinion.
These posts have no content besides name calling. Add thoughtful comments instead. Contribute to the conversation.
Use of hateful language regarding someone's disability or sexual orientation is unjust.
You can just as easily and more effectively describe someone without having to use hate speech. This will open the post to more conversation
Totally unwarranted to hatefully insult women while expressing an opinion.
This conversation has nothing in it that means anything. It is all hate. It would have been better to not say anything at all.
Use of hateful language regarding race and sexual orientation is unwarranted and unintelligent.
You can discuss the point you are trying to make with words that relay what you are trying to say much more effectively.
Totally unwarranted and not funny to use hateful language regarding someone with a disability.
You shouldn't use those words to refer to others. They have strong and often painful connotations for many marginalized communities.
There is no need to insult people with serious disabilities or use hate speech to make your point.
It's very rude to refer to women using the word cunt. If nothing else, you should consider how strong and powerful cunts actually are!
Hey man, it's more powerful to express your ideas than to resort to cheap namecalling to get your point across.
Insulting people with serious disabilities does nothing to prove your point.
There are much better ways to admonish people's talents than to use those types of slurs.
Using a serious disability as an insult makes you look uneducated and hateful.
i like that you may be standing up for yourself but maybe choose different words
says the one who cant spell a simple word
its people like you that destroyed it to begin with
even though its misused all the time you should think of your mother when saying it
This sexually offensive and violent comment is not appropriate here.
People should not be called by racial slurs as if it were their name.
Using hate speech and discriminatory terms is not needed to prove a point.
Using that word is offensive to disabled people and their families.
Insulting those with serious disabilities to "win" an argument online is not alright.
Racial slurs have no place in a political discussion.
The racism and hatred in your comment is not needed in a public forum.
Sexuality had nothing to do with this topic about immigration.
Using anti-Semitic language and insults towards those with serious disabilities is ignorant and damaging.
Please do not discriminate against a religious group.  Do not use terms that discriminate based on sexual orientation.
There really is no good reason to use such language in the conversation.
Racial slurs are not necessary to prove a point, and just make you look uneducated and discriminatory.
Just because someone has a different believe then you doesn't give you a free ticket to talk this way.
There is no real good reason to use derogatory language.
I don't understand how drugs have anything to do with race or why it was even brought into it.
Referring to someone with that term really is not mature.
PLease use speech that is less offensive to other users.Thank you
Mental disabilities are a serious issue and should be discussed as such. That community deserves as much respect as anyone else.
This sort of language is a direct violation. Thank you
If you must use insults, it's better not to use those that demonize those with mental disabilities so that your point is more well-rounded.
We do not allow hate speech or inappropriate language. Thank you
People from the Middle East are just as human as you or I and deserve to be spoken of with basic decency.
This site does not allow hate speech and foul language please refrain. Thank you
Using language like this derails your attempt at having the moral high ground in an argument. You win by being better than your opponents.
We would appreciate if you treat others with respect and don't use hate speech. Thank you
Hate speech is not tolerated on this platform. If your account has been closed you can appeal this action by emailing a Moderator. Ty.
Please do not use foul language or inappropriate speech. Thank you
While we encourage open discourse we ask you to review our hate speech policies before posting again. 1st warning. Thank you.
Please use better language here. Thank you
Sexist hate speech is not tolerated on this platform. Your account has been temporarily suspended. You can appeal by emailing a Mod. Ty
It is better to judge someone on their character instead or their race or religion.
Please refrain from using hate speech here. Thank you.
We would appreciate if you wouldn't use hate speech and inappropriate language here. Thank you.
Everyone here is being hateful and I don't like it
When you have skin in the game you can't be as racist as anonymous posters on the internet. You're forced to examine yours worldview.
Please refrain from using derogatory terms for mentally handicapped and people of any religion.
Your point is lost beneath all that bigotry. When you speak all I hear is screaming.
Using that word is very insensitive and offensive to women.
Please refrain from using derogatory terms for black people, assuming that's what that means in French.
That is an extremely offensive and racist term.
Please express your opinions without the offensive terminology.
Insensitive slang terms have no place.
Using that term is dehumanizing to people with mental disabilities.
It doesn't make sense to mock someone you've never even met based on what the media says.
whats gutless is your disgusting hate speech
It's okay to express your own opinion but please use less hurtful language to do so.
You are calling someone a "coward," but also you are name calling and not confronting them directly. It makes you seem afraid. Be kind/open
this argument is senseless it will go nowhere
We can have differing opinions but please know that that type of classification is very hateful and offensive. There's no need to say that.
Use kinder words so you can open discussion with those who disagree. It is not good to live in an echo chamber. Go out into the world.
the same reason you're allowed to be on this website and spew hate
There is no need to bring hate speech into this. You can dislike someone without doing so, so please remember how hurtful it can be.
Your post does not have meaning and your speech closes off the option to respond. If you want an answer, be kinder. If not, don't comment.
you people have gone full alex jones on me
I understand you want to express your opinion but please remember that some words are very hurtful and offensive.
Do not respond to hate speech with hate speech. Be better and try and engage the first used to proactive conversation.
another guy trying to boost his imaginary ego
You can think differently but please know that that word can be very harmful and hurtful. There's no need to say it and there's other ways.
You are on a platform that is all about free speech, but you want to silence certain people. Think about that as it doesn't make sense.
I get the feeling you have no idea what you're talking about. You're reacting with a lot of emotion.
Just because someone is a different race than you, doesn't mean they are a bad person.
You can miss me with the racism fam!
Please refrain from using derogatory terms for homosexuals
Chill
Hey, hey, hey! Racism is never okay.
Please refrain from using derogatory terms for people of any race and the mentally handicapped.
Just because that kid made fun of you for eating beans doesn't mean you can't go back to the movie theater.
We can use more civil words to reference people
Political beliefs are not a reason to degrade a person on such a personal level.
This wouldn't be the best way to deal with people you don't like
It is unnecessary and hateful to respond to a fairly reasonable conversation with slurs against LGBTQ+ people.
A person's religious beliefs are their own and should not result in that person being degraded.
If you're trying to make someone feel bad, using derogative terms will not seem serious
Insulting people with serious disabilities or those that are members of the LGBTQ+ community does not help your argument.
There are so many different personal attacks that need us to better understand each other as individuals and not divide us.
Everyone is entitled to their own opinion there is no resin to be mean or rude and death threats will only get you in a lot of trouble.
Name calling never helped any situation and saying that someone needs to die is honorable.
There is not resin to call people names either the facts will prove your point or there are no facts and you are wrong.
Hi There, homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thank you
Everyone is entitled to their opinion and responding with hateful mean messages will not prove a point it will only cement his opinion more.
Violent name calling and such language only keeps the hate and violence going and perpetuates these attacks.
its offensive to use the word 'hillbilly' as its a direct attack to someone based on their nationality and race
Blumenthal isn't happy, but that all apart of politics no one is happy.
Its inappropriate to attack someone based on their sexual orientation (fag, faggot), mental disability (Retarded), and race (Negroes)
We all know theres a history of slavery, there's nothing in the present day that's going to change that.  Move on from it.
We can only be concerned with our own genders and not criticize people for creating a space for themselves to belong
Wow he really let his emotions get the best of him. He definitely needed not to inflict injury on anyone for their own opinion.
Well it's good that he will be banned from twitter. He shouldn't be spreading non sense on social media.
"Fa--ot" offends many and so does not belong in intelligent commentary. Thanks for your help in keeping Gab hate-free.
I don't think that is relevant to this discussion
Negative references to sexual orientation are not acceptable here.
In spite of truly remarkable insipidity, these posts' use of "fa--ot" and "b--ch," along with misogynistic hatred, may cause banishment.
This conversation is not being productive for either of you two
Adding more racism does not help out the situation at all, anyone regardless of race can be racist
Using terms which denigrate a person based on race is not acceptable.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse. Thanks!
So much more would've come from your statement if you omitted the slurs
Comments which use a person's background or race to make a negative inference are not acceptable here.
Anti-religious bigoted hatred, and misogyny ("c--t"), are not permitted here. Thank you for your help in keeping hate away.
Using racial slurs takes away from all the statements you are trying to get across.
Let's not drag those with reduced mental capacity into this.
Just "loud mouths" would have been sufficient.
Wow...tell us how you really feel.
Name calling a person you never even met isn't going to solve anything.
There's no need to refer to her like that. You can make your point without it.
Just because you don't agree with these people does not give you the right to call them names
Do not use language like this. It is offensive.
a better way to describe someone is by using their name or a pronoun
You can use her actual name, otherwise I'm not sure who you're talking about
your speech isnt sensitive to women
I'm having trouble understanding you with all the nonsense words you've just used
This post is hateful and offensive to many people. Please try to display better character when using the site.
faggot isnt a great term to describe a person
That's hostile and unnecessary
The words you have chosen to use are highly offensive and unnecessary.
you cannot call a person a racial slur while praising them
Not sure what you mean
Your language here displays a lack of character.
calling someone a twat based on their political party isnt acceptable
Please do not discriminate against someone based on their national origin.  Do not use  terms that are offensive to an ethnicity.
they could have wet backs if they were walking the whole time but thats not what their race is
theres people out there that would argue against what you say about him being a retard
i can almost bet that my definition of that word is completely different than yours
he just has a super messed up way of dealing with emotions
Please do not use terms that are offensive to or discriminate against a racial group.
the way that you talk barely makes sense but here you are making fun of someones skin color
Hateful speech regarding race is not permissible here.
I would like to educate yourself better and learn more.
Her race has nothing to do with what offended you.
Its inappropriate to use the word 'spic ' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race.
The lady is not the odd one out. We are all the same
Please watch your tone and refrain from hateful words.
It is about making a community of respectful, decent people. Please act like one.
It's okay to disagree with someone but not okay to use racially charged words.
Please educate yourself better.
I think fear motivates voting.
Do not use offensive language
This thread is closed. If your account has been suspended you can appeal this action by emailing a Moderator. Thank you
The FBI is not your friend.
That is not how to describe others correctly
This is a hate speech free platform. Refrain from such terminology in the future, please. Final warning. Thank you for your understanding.
The more time we spend giving away information freely on the Internet the easier it is to buy and sell "secrets".
Please do not use hate language
Out of respect for our female users such terms are not tolerated. Final warning. Please review our user policies and have a wonderful day.
Morality from a politician. Save us all.
You should not use such vulgar language
Out of respect for our female users such terms are not tolerated. Please take greater care to avoid further punitive action. Final warning.
Then simply insult with other words used another way.
In that case we suggest more careful selection of adjectives in the future. Final warning pending account closure. Thank you.
Please do not make derogatory comments about people on the basis of their religious or ethnic background.
Please avoid homophobic language. Even if you disagree with a person's actions, it is not acceptable.
Please do not use homophobic language. It is not acceptable.
What you're saying is bordering on positive, perhaps you can omit the racial slurs next time.
Your use of nigger' is misplaced and shouldn't even be considered as necessary to use. Please refrain from using that word.
Racial identity and one's intellectual ability have no correlation. Your statements are pure racism.
Calling someone that word disparages perfectly innocent handicapped people. there;s no call.
The word 'retard is not meant for such a negative connotation. Please try to refrain from using that word.
Verbally attacking this women on the internet is the reason you were banned from twitter.
Both of you need some help with your issues towards women
Its not polite to use the word 'cunt' to describe anyone. Please try to refrain from this language.
That woman is allowed to have her own opinions on Trump and Kavanaugh, as are you- but there is no need to attack her.
This person had a legitimate but ignorant question. you using hate speech and slurs is not adding anything of value
Please refrain the use of the word 'retarded'. It is unnecessary to get your point across.
Mental handicapped is a serious ailment, and shouldn't be used lightly to describe someone you don't like.
Please consider bing kinder to women in the future.
If you have a disagreement with someone, there is a better way to address outside of name calling.
These women are entitled to their own opinions on the Me Too movement, and don't deserve to be belittled.
Your hateful words do not help you prove your point. They make you seem angry and it makes me want to ignore you.
Well, okay, I admit, I'm not the smartest card in the deck, why not explain it to me?
Your use of the hate speech is confusing and making it hard to understand your post. By not using this language you can make the post better
I would like a clearer picture of what you're talking about, please.
Removing the foul language will allows others to see your point of view more.
The hate speech and name calling makes the posts hard to read and understand. Work to talk to one another without this so build a discussion
Actually the American Indians believe all men are equal, it's just some baked too long, and others are a little raw.
Your speech and accusations hold no ground for truth. There are better ways to discuss your dislike for someone without this.
Everybody seemed to love her. That's why they voted her in. Can't take it back now.
Your comment does not make sense because of the language and grammar. Slow down and think before you type and post.
You guys are really boring. Trying to spread fear and rumors. Go back to your homework, please.
Using vulgar language to speak about a woman shows a serious lack of respect.
Sheesh, get a room, you two.
Totally unwarranted to use hateful speech regarding women while expressing an opinion.
Just because you identify a certain way doesn't mean you should necessarily use that kind of language towards others.
How sad that you had to use that "n" word. I was actually reading your stuff. Now I don't think so.
Totally unjust and cruel to use hateful language regarding race while expressing an opinion.
Using hateful words takes away the credibility and nuance of your statement.
Totally unwarranted to use hateful language regarding race in your post.
It should be known that in the English language words like that are not appropriate to use.
Good grief, every woman in power a "d" to you. Try figuring out some other way to demean us. It's so old.
No need to use hateful language regarding sexual orientation while expressing an opinion.
It's important to attack ideas instead of calling someone names based on their sex.
Kavanuagh is a weepy boy who never grew up. What man weeps in public unless somebody died? He's a juvenile.
Use of hateful speech regarding gender and sexual orientation is unwarranted and not humorous.
You would get much more support and a better discussion if you didn't use expletives in your arguments.
Use of hateful speech regarding women is unwarranted and cruel.
Use of hateful speech regarding sexual orientation is unwarranted and not humorous.
The f* slur is not really needed here.
Use of hateful language regarding sexual orientation and race is unwarranted and unintelligent.
There are way too many hateful words here, please re-consider your language choice.
Both the "n word" and associated racist commentary is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent discourse.
Use of hateful speech regarding race is not necessary or funny.
The n slur has nothing to do with the original comments, so I'm wondering why you even brought it up.
Use of hateful speech regarding sexual orientation is unintelligent and unimpressive.
How about: 'gay person'. F* is a hateful word.
Let's focus on why the footwear is inappropriate instead of bringing in mentally handicapped into the conversation unnecessarily.
I don't want to go barefoot either, but please watch the offensive language!
While visually unappealing, the mentally handicapped did not deserve to be fired at for this user's post.
It's unacceptable to use that type of name-calling.
Let's try to discuss the issues instead of projecting hate.
Feel free to voice your opinions but please refrain from the hateful language.
We can't tell specifics about people based on images alone, and should think about how our words affect others.
It's not okay to use words that make fun of someone's mental ability.
Everyone is entitled to their opinion, as this country was built on free speech principles.
There is no reason to use disrespectful language about sexuality.
Do not use racial slurs when posting on feeds.
While he was dismissed we don't exactly know what racial slur was used and assuming does not help.
Leave out hateful homophobic slurs when posting your opinions.
Stop using hateful racial slurs as a way to get your point across.
Supporting a politician or party is not a reason to degrade into racial slurs and name calling.
Wishing harm on someone you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
Avoid using hateful sexual terms when regarding a female .
Violence will not help any situation when it comes to sexual affiliation.
Just because someone is different from you, doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of.
Avoid using racist and homophobic terms when posting on feeds.
There are lots of other words that could replace such terms, I'm sure with creative language like yours you could think of some!
Your language is highly offensive to several groups on this site and will not be tolerated.
This could easily be more civil without the racial slurs, and everyone's point would be seen much more clearly.
Each person is different. It is better to judge someone based on their character, instead of their religion.
Original jokes don't necessarily require massive amounts of racism, there is plenty of civilized humor out there.
Your language is highly offensive to entire group of people on this site.
This would be a lot more convincing without the homophobic prod.
Your language is offensive to homosexual people and displays a lack of character.
It's offensive to call women names like that.
Perhaps a better choice of words could lead to hurting other people's feelings.
"Fa--ot" is a term of hate, so has no place in adult debate. Thank you for *your* help in keeping hate away.
Calling him names is not productive behavior.
I don't think calling names is the right way to address your feelings.
Disagreeing with someone's opinion doesn't give you the right to be hateful.
Calling names to people you don't know if counter productive. Let's work on more intelligent ways to talk about people.
Please refrain from making unkind statements about race.
Words that might seem small and insignificant to you can bring up centuries of hate and oppression in others. I would advise against that.
Stop using hateful speech to disagree in a conversation.
It's ok to be angry, but finding positive, productive ways to channel it will help you.
Anti-Islamic hate speech is not permitted in this forum. Thanks for your help in keeping Gab hate-free.
The n-word is a term of hate, and hate speech is not permitted here.
Homophobic and bigoted anti-ethnic hatred is banned from this forum. Words have power, be careful how you use them.
Misogynistic language ("dy-e") is not permitted here. Thank you for your help in keeping hate away.
Homophobia and hatred toward gay persons are not permitted here. Remember: what you post online speaks volumes about who you really are.
to much personal hatred guys, please leave it out
Your language is hateful and offensive. It will not be tolerated.
all a bit uncalled for here you lot, leave the comments out of it.
Name calling someone you've never met doesn't make any sense.
Your language displays a lack of character and range of vocabulary
a few have ruined this feed for the rest, leave it out next time please
Name calling the person you disagree with is not going to solve anything.
Your language is offensive to multiple groups and displays a lack of character.
need to leave out the n word next time me thinks. thanks in advance
they are entitled to the views right or wrong they may be, but no need for the r word here
Your language is highly offensive to people with developmental disabilities and their families.
Regardless of your stand in politics, Donald Trump is our commander in chief and if you stand against him you are creating division.
Use of the slur here is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults the other.
Cheering on your fighter is great! Lets try to keep it positive though.
Let's refrain from all of the terrible language and argumentative conversation. There are much better ways to get your point across.
The crude comments seem to not be needed to get your point across. So please refrain.
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they're less than you.
Hate speech is not necessary to free speech. Final warning before account suspension and or IP bans. Thank you and have a great day
Misogyny, hate speech ("c--t") and reveling in gender-based violence may cause the author of these posts to be banned. Please avoid this.
We may have differing opinions and you are entitled to your own but please use non offensive terms to do so.
Hate speech is not tolerated on this platform. Your account is suspended. You can appeal by emailing a Moderator. Thank you.
Using the term "dyke" pejoratively is so offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse. Help us put down the brake on hate!
Racist (the "n word") and misogynistic language ("whore") combine to all but ensure the banning of these unfortunate posts.
There's no need to use that kind of language. It can be very offensive so please remember that.
This thread is closed. If your account has been closed you can appeal this action by emailing a Moderator. Thank you, and good bye.
Amid the truly prodigious generalized hatred on display here, anti-Islamic venom and homophobic slurs stand out as truly bannable.
There are other words to get your point across so please remember how offensive these terms can be.
Hate speech is not tolerated on this platform. Your account has been supsended. You can appeal this action via email to a Moderator. Ty.
There's no need to bring that type of language into this. I understand you have an opinion but please know there's other words to use.
Please explain her actions that made you so angry, so that I can understand.
Hateful speech and disparaging opinions add nothing to a conversation. Maligning those with serious disabilities is wrong.
Well, it's all over now. no reason to be whining about it.
Calling for violence against those who do not hold your beliefs and maligning people for their sexual preferences is ignorant.
Good grief. I'm an English Irish German Austrian Spaniard. Guess I'm a mutt.
The use of racial stereotypes, racist insults, insults to those with serious disabilities, and hate speech in this thread is terrible.
That was an intelligent response.
The use of hate speech is unnecessary and adds nothing to the conversation.
I'm sorry you hold such intolerance toward people of different racial backgrounds
Please do not discriminate against or use terms that are offensive to racial or religious groups.
Your hate speech and derogatory rant do not prove a point or "win" your argument; they just make you look bad.
Using hate speech does not strengthen your argument; it just makes you look discriminatory and uneducated.
Just because someone is different than you doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of.
That is no way to talk about a teenager, no matter what the circumstances or your opinion of them.
Using a term that is derogatory to people with mental disabilities in order to insult a person is immature.
There is no need to insult people with serious conditions to illustrate your point.
Please do not use a mental disability to get your point across.
It is a mature to use such a nasty word to describe women, and if you are unsure of immigration policies please refrain from making statemen
Stop using sexually vulgar terms when referring to the female gender.
Even if you don't respect the struggle of people in this country post-slavery you should see refrain from using such a nasty word.
Your comment is hate speech, and provides no evidence of facts.
Stop using racist terms against other races.
please please refrain from using disgusting slang.
Equating wearing facial hair in a certain manner with a particular religious group is not stating a fact or opinion that has any merit.
Avoid using racial slurs when responding to others.
it isnt okay for anyone to use that word to describe a person
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability negatively does not promote understanding.
just because a person supports someone, it doesnt give you a right to describe their mental state
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity or mental disability do not promote understanding.
that word is insensitive to people with mental disabilities
there are other words that could be used to describe someone
Name calling based on race can make others think that you have a lack of a good vocabulary.
Political issue are not a reason for personal attacks.
The foul language used here should be replaced with more appropriate words.
Personal beliefs should not result in name calling.
I don't think using words to demean a persons faith are careful in conversation.
There are much more appropriate ways to state a point of view without resorting to foul language and name calling.
Being Jewish is not a reason for privilege or attacks and certainly not at a personal level.
Using such vulgar language to describe a woman show a lack of respect.
Name calling is not necessary.
Words that references someone with a mental disability is not the reason why good conversation exist. :).
The posts would be more pleasurable to read if the foul language were removed.
There's no need to use that type of offensive language. You can get your point across without doing so.
Even words have power!  I believe it's important to guard our mouths and share our beliefs and opinions tastefully and tactfully!
Please know that using that language doesn't help anyone and that there's other ways to show your frustration.
While I understand some people can be tough to deal with, I still don't think calling anyone hurtful names improves the situation!
Just because someone has a learning disability, doesn't mean they are less than you.
There's no need to use those offensive terms. Please understand that you can have your own opinion without doing so.
I believe that name calling and racial slurs are not the best way to get a point across!  Surely we can find better ways to communicate!
I agree with this ideal, but I think part of "being real" is also to show we are classy and can use better words to express ourselves!
Please know that that word can be very offensive and hurtful. You can use other words to express your opinion.
Anti-Semitic rhetoric is unnecessary and unfounded.
Using hate speech is unnecessary and ignorant.
There is no need for anti-Semitic hate speech to prove a point.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their sexual orientation (faggots) and race (nigger,kike).
There is no need to use racist, anti-Semitic, hateful language in a normal conversation.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (retarded) and sexual orientation (faggot).
There is no need to put down members of the LGBTQ+ community to insult someone else.
imagine looking for your adoption photos...hahahahahaha
Use of hateful speech regarding race is not witty or warranted.
In this day and age, I pity people who still put stock in the color of their skin.
people have the right to fall in love with who ever they want to, thats not for you to judge
Use of hateful language regarding someone's religion is cruel and unnecessary.
Religion and race do not have to be demeaned.
its a word thats misused all the time
Totally  unwarranted to use hateful language about women while expressing an opinion.
The person/country that doesn't respect a woman speaks volumes of their culture.
and maybe you can explain your definition of a 
'retard
'
Use of hateful language regarding people with a disability is cruel and unnecessary.
When you have a question yourself, how can you call the others something retarded
better watch what you say on the internet they might be watching you
Use of hateful language regarding race is unwarranted and unjust while expressing opinion.
Why does it have to be a person of color, why can't it be just a person who used the service.
No reason to bring the racial card in here. All men are beasts.
Using hateful language doesn't contribute to your point
Why can't you boys leave the sexuality comments at the door? You make participating so boring and frustrating.
I wish you all would stop with the "c" word. You learned it in kindergarten, and you can't give it up, even as grown men.
Autism has nothing to do with the fact that this kid wants to put you down. Leave it at the door, boys.
Why even think about that. Really, I'[m going to have nightmares.
I don't see a reason to make insensitive comments towards a certain gender.
While entitled to your own opinion, blatantly condoning and perpetrating racism is arguably no better than the people you are condemning.
Please refrain from using derogatory terms for any religion.
Be respectful when talking about someone else.
I'd be interested to hear a basis for your guess of Booker's future failure. I don't think race will affect it, recently Obama was elected.
Please refrain from using derogatory terms for any race.
A person offering to do a favor for those in pain hardly seems deserving of such harsh words or extermination.
Please refrain from using derogatory terms for females and suggesting extermination of others.
Do not be so rude to other people
Insulting the Senator of Arizona by insinuating he is a homosexual makes no sense. He has been married to a woman for over 30 years.
You should describe people with anti racist slurs
I think your point is well founded, but you shouldn't use certain words, whether you agree they are hateful or not.
Using certain words contradicts the point you are trying to make.
Showing hate for a certain group of people makes it harder for others to see your point of view.
I think the word that would work even better in your statement is either "silly" or "foolish".
Think about people with real mental disabilities before throwing out certain words.
People can be many things at the same time, maybe focus on people as a whole instead.
If he's stupid it has nothing to do with being retarded. Kindly leave that alone.
There are better words you can use when referring to a race of people.
I thought I knew what this post was about when it suddenly went off the deep end.
Its inappropriate to use the words 'nigger and negros' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race.
Try basing your arguments on facts instead of generalizations and stereotypes.
Let's get this right - kids living with their parents is the problem here.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their race (nigger) and sexual orientation (faggot). Avoid such words.
Using hateful words is not a proactive way to get others on your side.
Holy cow, get it right. Nobody told you it was wrong. You just dreamed that it was.
Avoid words that directly attack one based on sexual orientation, race, and religion such as "faggot feminist black jew lesbian muslims"
Using respectful terms for certain groups makes it easier to understand what you are saying.
You might try thinking of what that would do to the world - and the environment. Say goodbye to your lawn and living outdoors.
Addiction is a serious illness, Im glad shes come forward with her story
I dont believe the other poster was wrong with that statement and I hope he is still around
The name calling is unnecessary, though I am curious to hear their responses if they do come back
I could use a further explanation on who you think is not working or not sending money, without the name calling and improper grammar
We are all of a mixed race when you really get down to it. We all share a common ancestry
Use of the n-word and other slur is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults blacks and others.
Misogyny, "c--t," anti-Islamicism, racism and the "n word" all are hate speech, so are banned from this forum.
The language here doesn't provide an environment for educated conversation. Lets make sure the conversation is based on facts and not hate.
Neither of you are getting your point across with name calling.
Totally unnecessary comment. Watch the video and give appropriate input that can help someone.
Calling that person a name is not productive.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. Let’s squelch hate—together!
No need for name calling. I agree that men do the toughest jobs but being a SAHM is no walk in the park either.
Until you know what it's like, don't judge someone else's journey.
You know nothing about her or her life.
Hatred directed toward ethnicities, genders, religions and homosexuals is hate speech, which is not permitted here.
You may be being viewed as a bad guy due to your choice of words. Rephrase and see how that works.
It's not okay to talk about anyone like that, period.
Don't respond to hate speech with hate speech. There is no reason to name call, especially with hate speech, even more when it adds nothing
There are many more appropriate terms that should be used to replace the foul language used.
perhaps leave the f word out of it next time please
You can discuss your dislike of Macron, but while using kinder language that more accurately describe how you feel.
stage wording to use the t word just isnt needed
You can discuss this, but using a replacement that is kind for the hateful word. It would help you make your point.
Using such a foul term to describe children shows what kind of person one truly is.
leave all the r words out of it please. that is enough
Not only is your post mean, but it is confusing, and what you say could even be considered illegal. Try to calm down before you post.
calm the language down please, sure you can make your point without it
I think your point would have been made clear without using demeaning words
We can get the point across without that
Using words like that won't get your point across any better. Careful.
We don't have to make such difficult words part of our daily lives
I see that you are upset but I think other, less colorful language, would get you point across too.
We don't need to refer to people as that, we've come a long way since those times!
You were asked to be an adult about this. If you can't handle it please leave.
rodent parasite was a good insult! We should use that more often instead of the others
The English language is a colorful language, please use less derogatory wording next time.
You probably shouldn't though!
Homophobic slurs have nothing to do with the video.
Your comment was not only racial but very violent and offensive.
It is better to judge someone on their character, instead of their religion or lifestyle.
Let's evaluate Kagan by her legal arguments and not her personal characteristics.
Homophobic slurs do not add to your position.
These comments are vile and offensive to all women. Please reconsider your choice of words.
Simply unwarranted to hatefully insult women while expressing an opinion.
Totally unnecessary and unintelligent to use hateful language about sexual orientation while posting opinion.
Do not use homophobic slurs when you post on this page.
Use of hateful language regarding sexual orientation is unimpressive and unwarranted.
Woah, please do not use that hateful homophobic slur on this page.
Use of hateful language regarding someone with a disability is not warranted or humorous.
Using a derogatory term against someone you disagree with is putting down the people with actual mental disabilities.
There is no reason to use a person mental impairment as an insult on here.
Use of hateful language regarding sexual orientation is not warranted or intelligent.
Refrain from using homophobic slurs when responding to users.
We do not allow foul language here please alter it. Thank you
This is a violation of our rules please refrain in the future. Thank you
Rosanne's remarks were racist. You can not like someone but attacking their race or appearance is weak and wrong.
Please do not use foul language on this site. Thank you
We do not allow hate speech andfoul language on our site. Thank you
It is  more beneficial to discuss the merits of the story and if it is wrong to provide sources that demonstrate so than to argue like this.
Please use better language while on our site Thank you
I don't live in Texas but would wear a Beto cap because I support his policies. I am not a homosexual or on welfare.
Gee whiz, dude. Why don't you just say "her". I can't stand to hear that word anymore.
I don't understand why the Antifa are compared to dirty women's parts. There are men there, you know.
It doesn't make sense to name call someone you've never even met before.
Yipes, you sound pretty angry. But I wouldn't play with the dead. They bite back.
Good grief, and you sound like a man who's going to be shot for taking on the police and yelling, 'Shoot me, shoot me!"
Oh, ha ha! You guys remind of kids on the playground shouting "You have cooties!", "No, you do!"
We can use better insults that don't purely use derogatory words.
so was what you just said i hear a bann
While you make a good point, we should probably avoid derogatory language to make it more effective.
here you are asking if someone got bashed and youre bashing people
There should be more civil words used if you were to make a polite accusation.
you should probably just move....THANKS
It's not necessary to use certain slurs and here we could remove them all together while seeming in better light.
well they are typing with you sooooo
this staement makes me wonder about if you need someone to come by and make sure that you are ok and not in any danger because you obviously
I'm sorry you have such a warped view towards gay people
Attacking someone using hateful and discriminatory speech about the LGBTQ+ community is not acceptable.
this entire statement is a waste of your time people look at you in disgust
I'm sorry you have such a warped view on gay people
Your post is filled with hateful and discriminatory language and does not add to any conversation anything of value.
Love isn't loyalty to an abuser. Sad your mom was the real instigator of your hurts.
Graphic descriptions of harming another person based on race or religious identity is not acceptable for any reason including roleplay.
wow calm down both of you, not place for that hatred here, please leave it out. thank you
Be original with your comments.
Racial slurs are not acceptable and neither is attacking someone based off of their sexual orientation.
your reply isnt need, not big or clearer. think before you type next time please.
I read the story about the mudshark...old school rockers were really freaky.
Using homophobic slurs and degrading a person due to their sexual preferences will not be tolerated.
creative descriptions for all this abuse but it really isnt need perhaps dm each other rather than leave the world to see your hatred
Let the law of the land prevail.
Racial and religious slurs are not acceptable on this platform.
oh another chap who thinks they can write what they like thinking the hurt it could cause. please delete this nasty remark
Or just really opposed to you.
the r word has no place in that statement please edit it out and improve the internet
Please do not speak that way here it is a violate. Thank you
Everyone is entitled to their own opinion, but I think that hateful and hurtful language is unintelligent and we should work on kinder ways!
I can respect the others opinion, but perhaps we should work on being more polite and not use vulgar slurs in our conversations!
Hate speech is against our rules please refrain from using it. Thank you
The amount of hate is saddening and I feel like we as humans should really work on ourselves and abstain from such name calling!
We do not allow such foul language. Thank you
While this situation seems a bit of a mess, I think we should stand tall and abstain from using bad language against anyone!
When you use that word it really makes it hard to understand your argument
Please refrain from using foul language here. Thank you
That term is very insensitive to people with mental disabilities.
The reason they got him drunk was that his generation didn't do this. It was normal for the girls generation because no other man was there.
You can express your opinions without using offensive ethnic slang like that.
Someone falls we need to pick them up and raise them higher than ourselves. Then we're blessed.
That word is dehumanizing to people with mental disabilities.
People with HIV need love too. In 2019 we have so much medicine that you can prevent yourself from getting it.
There is nothing positive in your statement, please keep those offensive terms away.
I like Alyssa Milano but she's wrong here. He isn't guilty and I feel bad for his kids.
Please be more accepting of all sexual orientation, these terms are very hurtful.
Yes we need more compassion all over!
Using derogatory terms will never prove you have the high ground in a conversation.
It would be easier to have a conversation if you were not so negative.
We shouldn't target people and use such terms, we wouldn't appreciate that either.
No need to call someone names just because they don't look the way you think they should.
I don't think we should be referring to specific people like that, wouldn't like that about myself.
It is not necessary to call someone names because you do not like them.
If were going to specifically use words like this it would be better to not use derogatory terms, you'll make your point better!
Don't use negative language to make a point.
This is purely spiteful, we shouldn't be referring to anyone as such.
There is no reason to be negative just because you don't like someone.
The use of "fa--ot" here pejoratively is patently offensive and should be eliminated.
Stop using hateful homophobic slurs when posting your response.
I think it's a healthy thing to be honest and have an opinion, but maybe less name calling would be a more appropriate approach!
Homophobic hatred, "fa--ot," and anti-religious hatred are all hate speech and so are not welcome here.
Please avoid belittling religious affiliation and sexual orientation when your respond.
I think it is distasteful to mock and shame other religions!  We need to be kind and patient with others regardless of their beliefs!
Racism and the "n word," because they are examples of hate speech, are banned from this forum.
There is no place for that type of hateful racial slur on this page.
I feel that racial slurs/name calling is so outdated and immature!  We should be focusing on positive speech and building one another up!
"Re---ded" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families.
Arguments can occur, but I think it shows maturity and wisdom when we do not stoop to insults and name calling in our debates!
Homophobic hatred is offensive and bigoted so should not be used in political discourse. Thanks for your help in avoiding hate speech.
Hey now this is not a place where you can use hateful homophobic text.
As aggravating as being unwantedly tagged can be, I still believe we should remain kind and patient and not use vulgar speech when venting!
It isn't necessary to use hateful words in order to get someone to engage in a discussion with you.
Using certain words only makes what you are saying cloudy to the casual observer.
Using racial slurs to describe others speaks volumes about your character.
It is better to judge someone based on their character, rather than their lifestyle.
Using racial slurs is a guaranteed way to turn off a lot of people from reading everything that you took the time to say.
There are way more appropriate words to describe someone other than resorting to racial slurs.
Generalizing an entire population of people doesn't add any credence to your beliefs.
We should try and not use words making fun of people who can not help their mental capacity.
Woah, there is no reason to use this type of racist slur on here.
Please do not use terms that are offensive to those with disabilities. Do not discriminate against a religious group, race, or nationality.
Please avoid using anti semitic terms and mental impairments as a way to insult others.
There is no reason for you to degrade the entire religion of Hinduism because of a different viewpoint.
Avoid using a mental disability as a way to voice your opinion.
While I can agree with these sentiments, I think the point would seem stronger if we could refrain from using improper language!
It is not okay to talk about a child like that
I feel that hateful comments and derogatory language are detrimental to making a solid point!  We should strive to be more positive!
In spite of the fact that people say some wild things, I still think using derogatory speech in rebuttal only brings us down to a low level!
The use of the n word is unnacceple to describe someone
Interesting thought, but perhaps we could use less hateful slurs in our speech; there are kinder ways to get one's point across!
Repeatedly using racial slurs and put downs to describe someone is equivalent to the way a toddler would behave during a tantrum.
Refrain from using racist terms when posting on feeds.
You should take a break from the computer, or disconnect yourself from this person since it seems to be such an influence.
Do not use mental impairment as an insult to others.
There was other colorful words used that were not offensive, there is an opportunity to use them instead.
Others will be more likely to take the post more seriously if the vulgar language were removed.
Do not use mental disability when voicing your opinions.
Abstain from using hateful homophobic slurs when responding to others.
Since we understand its satire, it should be noted that it's not convincing to use derogatory terms when attacking a political side.
Using racial slurs to describe someone speaks volumes about your true character.
Please stop using racist terms when voicing your opinions on issues.
There are so many other words to use to describe these cities, you can get the point across without racist slurs.
There's got to be a reason why he's posting this stuff, like he lost someone that way. Let's ask him.
Listen, you could have made exactly the same point without the use of the r word.
Mocking homosexuals and the differently-abled is a shameful way to use language. Rise above petty hatred
I do wish I could figure out what you;re talking about. Please say it with less...colorful language. Seems like you have something to say.
This word affects more than just one person and is very hateful to all people of colour. Please re-consider your language.
Your outrage doesn't justify disparaging an entire race like that.
If you went down to Texas to see who's coming in you'd see women and children too. And they're sick because there was no medical for them.
They needed a place to stay and live in much worse conditions than us.
It's not kind to think of others as dirty and militant, and you don't have to use offensive terms for Muslims, either.
It would be quite the apocalypse. Half the world would be dead. The rest would die of disease, with no one to bury the bodies.
No need for all the slurs. No race is superior, this is a really disturbing statement to make.
This argument is offensive and every idea and slur you used is toxic and full of hate. Just, go outside and play or something, get some sun
He's not a woman, shouldn't be compared with one, and hopefully no one will ever call you that to your face. Try again.
That woman is brave to stand up to people just like you who are so hateful and sneering.
No more televised famous people weddings for me.
Lnaguage like that is offensive to large groups of people. There is no reason to use harsh actions just beacuse you do not like someone.
Follow no organization of human origins, except music.
It is better to judge someone based on their character, rather than their race or religion.
Do not discrimate people based on thier beliefs. If you do not agree with them, do so silently or respectfully. It is degrading to many.
Everyone can and should be politically active, no matter their training or vocation.
Do not call people name which are degrading to large groups of people. It makes you seem ignorant, and everyone desevres respect.
I have no response to that because wow...
Judging people based on characteristics they posses is unfair and degrading. Everyone deserves to be treated okay, despite your opinions.
Fall on your slurs, sir. Use your intelligence.
Do not use hateful words regarding religious affiliation and race.
With all of the racial slurs written it can make others become disgusted and not want to take any of the opinions made seriously.
there just is no need for that, the media may be warped in its content but doesnt need you to fuel the hatred.
Do not use sexually vulgar terms regarding the female gender.
Using foul language to describe a woman show a serious lack of respect.
race doesnt need a mention here, please leave it out
Please do not use that hateful homophobic term when posting on the feed.
leave the f word out please, and there sexuality helps no one
Please do not use hateful racial slurs when you post on the feed.
The post doesn't make any valid points whatsoever as it only uses racial slurs to describe people.
the race hatred can be left out of it please, not big or clever just rude
Do not use sexually vulgar terms when responding to posts regarding females.
language please, just dont reply in the future rather than write that please
Your accounts have been closed and your IP addresses recorded and banned. Have a great day and thank you for enjoying 4chan.
Please refrain from using derogatory terms for people of any race. Also, nothing wrong with enjoying the music of another race/culture.
Hate speech is not tolerated on this platform. Your account has been temporarily suspended. You can appeal by emailing a Moderator, ty.
Hate speech is not tolerated on this platform. Your accounts have been temporarily suspended. Email a Moderator to appeal this action.
This isn't the place to bring homophobic slurs.
Hey, the words 'people of color' would be a better choice.
It's ridiculous to make such a large blanket statement on all of these groups being bad people. Please do some research.
It makes more sense to judge people on their character, not on a religious stereotype.
You may disagree with her opinion, but please respect that she is human and has feelings.
Wishing harm on someone you've never met based solely on what the media says doesn't make any sense.
This is incredibly racist and inappropriate. Please think about your word choice next time.
Hate speech against race is uncalled for and should be refrained from being used as a courtesy to others online.
We can act civil here while criticizing people we dislike, let's not resort to flinging mud.
Your racism is unneeded and provides no facts, simply opinions that are hateful.
Hate speech is rude and disrespectful, other online users may not appreciate reading words like these.
Stupid would have sufficed quite enough in this case.
There is no need to insult people with serious disabilities to prove your point.
Do not say things you wouldn't want others to say to you, be respectful to other online users.
If you can't act civil on the internet you should try to rephrase what you say.
Disparaging people based on their sexual preferences is hateful and unnecessary.
Hate speech is rude and should be refrained from being used online. Be courteous to others.
We should probably make sure to avoid derogatory terms when discussing these things if you want your points to remain in good faith.
Using anti-Semitic language and hatred makes you look uneducated and discriminatory for no reason.
Hate speech is not tolerated on this platform. Your account has been suspended. You can appeal this action by emailing a Mod. Ty.
Perhaps you two are leaping to conclusions. Why don't you run?
Talk more about why you feel this way. Instead of being mean on the internet, go out and work/volunteer in politics. Make your voice heard.
That term is not tolerated on this platform. Persons with mental and or physical disabilities or nothing at all. Final warning. Thank you.
You post is lacking a subject so I do not know what it is you are talking about. The use of the hate word is useless and distracting.
Hate speech is not tolerated on this platform. Final warning. Review our user policies before posting again. Thank you and have a great day.
Please reduce that a bit. We all know he's a misogynistic white male, and that's good enough for me.
You are using a hate word, which is insulting, to the person you are agreeing with. You are insulting him which is silly.
Your account has been closed. You IP has been recorded. You are permanently banned. Hates speech is not tolerated here. Thank you.
Between the two of you we've lost the thread, Please tone that down and use real words.
Work to talk more and add depth to the conversation instead of name calling and fighting.
Hate speech is not tolerated on this platform. Your account has been temporarily suspended. You can appeal by emailing a Moderator. Ty.
Use of those words will cause you to be kicked. Please reduce your racial slurs and be a man.
Instead of just calling someone a name, explain what has made you feel this way. Talk about why you feel this and be open to disagreement.
Please avoid from using hateful racial slurs when responding to others.
The "n-word," since it offends many, has no place in intelligent commentary. Thank you in advance for *your* help in keeping hate away.
Please do not use sexually vulgar terms when talking about about females.
Misogynistic hate speech, and the word "tw-t," are banned here. So help us put on the brakes when it comes to hate!
Language denigrating women and one's gender is unacceptable. Please refrain from its use.
Anti-Islamic hatred is venom directed at a religious group. That's hate speech, and that's banned here. Think LOVE instead!
Do not use mental impairments as a way to insult others.
And one less user of Gab, should this disabled-bashing continue. Thank you for your help in keeping hate away.
Do not use sexually vulgar terms when referring to females.
This whole discussion would flow better and be better understood if we watched the words we used and spoke more eloquently.
Other words can totally be used if you're trying to have a decent conversation
It's better to go after someones policy instead of their physical features if you want attract others to your point of view.
If you really don't like her you don't have to pay attention to her
Using proper terms for people from a certain area or ethnicity would make the rest of the discussion easier to follow, attracting more eyes.
If you dislike something so much, you shouldn't obsess with it
Being sensitive towards people with mental disabilities would help your views reach more people as they are less likely to be turned off.
You can use other words for disagreeing!
You should watch the Netflix show about her, it might change your tune.
Using derogatory terms to describe women speaks volumes about one's character.
I cant tell whats happening with the barrage of hashtags, but I am curious to hear what the Tories have to say about it.
I dont believe anyone needs to be saved in this situation
Using racial slurs is an unnecessary way to describe others.
I think Mexico has found a sufficient temporary solution to the migration issues
The vulgar language used can lead others to think that one lacks a good vocabulary.
A civil conversation can be had without the name calling
Using racially charged language is not permissible.
There is no reason to use racial slurs when discussing any matter.
The vulgar language and threats used shows a lack of a good vocabulary as well as speaks to one's true character.
Regardless of opinion, using offensive language is wrong.
Replacing the foul language with more appropriate words will help others take your point of view into consideration.
Red or blue supporter; it doesn't matter. Don't use offensive language here.
Using racial slurs and vulgar language can make others think you lack a good vocabulary.
Please watch the language and refrain from saying racially and sexually charged slurs.
You could just say you don't agree instead of using violent hate filled slurs.
There is no need to use a word offensive to all women.
That word is offensive to disabled people, please find another way to express your opinion.
I totally get your arguments, and even agree with some of the points.  Your message is getting lost in the hate speak though.
That is very hurtful towards people of Jewish descent and to Holocaust survivors
I cannot believe that any of you really believe any of this propaganda. You know that word...and who started it.
Nobody will be persuaded with language like that.  If you have an argument make it, but just being nasty won't help anything.
There is no reason to use degrading language of race and homophobia towards a different point of view
Antifungal foot fetishist foolish poster. please get a life and pour yourself a glass of wine.
I can certainly understand your argument against mixed race families and their challenges, but can you please back off the hate speak.
The fact of the matter is that she must feel guilty and is trying to make up for a century of slavery. It's the only explanation.
I could try to understand more why you dislike the Jewish people if you presented arguments instead of hate filled rhetoric.
I'm sorry you hold such intolerance toward people of different backgrounds of race and sexuality
I won't go there because you've got some kind of malicious software there to steal my money. Thank you.
Immigration is certainly a controversial topic these days, but if might make sense to back off the hate words and actually have a discussion
Oh, this is just so sad. The reason he's in is because they wanted him in, and because they felt sorry for him, and there wasn't any proof.
Do not belittle a persons cultural background and use sexually vulgar terms when talking about a female.
I am not going to ask you if there is anything wrong with you because I already know. Just keep it to yourselves.
Please do not use that hateful racist term when responding to others.
That's why he has so much money. he never pays tolls. Jealousy is an evil thing, though.
There is no reason to use that type of racist term when responding.
Abstain from using anti-semitic terms and using hurtful mental disability terms on this post.
You using a person's race/religion as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
This is not a place to use that type of racist and anti-semitic language.
Let's not fight bigotry with bigotry
We insist that you refrain from hate speech in your criticism in the future. Hate speech of any kind is not tolerated on this platform, ty.
Name calling does nothing more than lead to pointless arguments that have no topic in sight.
Odd word choice for such a scholar of history
Your account has been closed and your IP recorded; you will not be permitted a new account. You can appeal this action by emailing a mod.
Describing someone or something by using racial slurs speaks volumes about one's character.
Racism aside, you're admittedly okay with police beating up little girls...
Your account has been closed. You can appeal this action by emailing a Moderator. This is a hate free platform. Thank you & have a nice day!
The racial slurs used here do nothing more than create unnecessary hate.
The homophobia isn't necessary...
Hate speech is not tolerated on this platform. Your account has been temporarily suspended. Review our user policies in the meantime, ty.
Yikes, man! Racism isn't cool!
The word of the day is "banned" as in your IP has been recorded and you are permanently banned. You can appeal by emailing a Mod. Thank you.
Calling someone a name based on their race speaks volumes about one's character.
It's that most good looking white men are now homosexual, and the ones that are left are so ugly we American women don't want them. IMHO.
This sounds ludicrous and how can there be an amalgamation of races and still claims of white'ness
Kids, please stop hitting each other with sticks and actually write something.
Color of the skin should not judge a man.
No reason to compare her with sexual parts. She's dopey and leave it at that.
Could you not just comment like others instead of insulting
Look's do not matter as long as the heart is in the right place
Can't wait for you to become a geriatric so that I can put you down too, dude. #Juvenile.
All muslim's dont hate white people, get your facts straight.
Totally unnecessary hatefully refer to entire race of people in your posting.
Using hate speech about race is unjust and not humorous.
There's no reason to use such language towards a different person
Use of hateful speech regarding race is totally unwarranted.
Please do not use derogatory racial slurs or religious supremacy rhetoric.
There is no reason to use malice towards people of a different viewpoint
Use of hateful language regarding people with a disability is unjust and not funny.
Please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabilities or women.
Hatefully insulting people with a disability is not funny or necessary.
Please do not use or repeat derogatory language for intellectual disabilities.
Use of hateful language regarding religion and gender is unjust and unintelligent.
Your account have been closed and your IP addresses recorded and banned. Hate speech is not tolerated on this platform. Have a great day
raghead is a term that bring other people down and we need to stop using it
Totally unwarranted to hatefully insult someone based on religion while expressing opinion.
Hate speech is not tolerated on this platform. Final warning before account closure and IP based ban. Have a good day
Totally unnecessary to hatefully insult women while expressing an opinion.
Sexist hate speech is not tolerated on this platform. Final warning before account closure. Thank you.
faggot isnt a word that should be used to describe people
Fret not, hate speech is not tolerated here. User1 your account has been suspended. You can appeal via email to a Moderator. Thank you.
we need to leave that word in the past along with the ghetto stereotype
Use of hateful language regarding race is unwarranted and not funny.
This is so needlessly offensive and incoherent I don't even know how to respond.
The level of racism and hatred here is unbelievably ignorant and sad.
It's amazing how you think screaming offensive slurs into the void constitutes an actual conversation.
The use of hate speech against African-Americans and the LGBTQ+ community is unnecessary, ignorant, and doesn't prove any point.
It doesn't make sense to hate an entire group of people based on stereotypes.
You might actually get people to listen to your point if you didn't throw around a bunch of hateful slurs for no reason.
Anti-Semitic insults and slurs against the LGBTQ+ are ignorant and make you look uneducated and hateful.
"What's the best way to contribute to this conversation?" he pondered, before settling on "use the n word."
I can't understand judging a baby, incapable of choosing its race, by what color it is, outside of pure racism and hatred.
"lol ur gay" Thank you for your insightful commentary.
Using homophobic insults to insult someone else is ignorant and unnecessary.
We shouldn't be referring to anyone by that word, but I can understand the frustration mister.
i think you 2 need to sit down and have a talk or fight
Well of course we should use more civilized terms if we want to be taken more seriously.
its in the NYPost so theres that
People are more prone to take a point of view into consideration when it is not riddled with foul language and name calling.
If we want it to stop we should use less hideous language to be taken more seriously.
i dont think boys and girls shold be involved in the violence
There was a lot of good words used there we totally didn't need the derogatory ones!
Using racial slurs can make others perceive you as either uneducated or lacking a good vocabulary.
We shouldn't be referring to anyone by those words, if we want there to be changes.
like yourself
We can use more civil language for these sorts of things.
We can make our message without using derogatory words.
So many good insults used that were not derogatory, we might not as well need them!
We don't need to constantly refer to women in that manner, we can use other, better insults!
Your point loses all credibility when you resort to cheap insults
Stop basing peoples' race!
Your argument can be made without the use of derogatory names.  You sound like you have done your research.
No need to insult the mentally challenged to make a point, do better
Stop basing intelligence levels.
Hitler is not a good example of to borrow from.  He killed many innocent lives.
No need at all for vile language.It weakens your credibility.
Stop using derogatory labels on women.
Murkowski is a fine candidate.  There is no need to attack her for being a woman.
There are millions of adjectives, no need to reach for the cheapest one.
Stop calling women names.
Threats of violence and cheap slurs do not help your argument.
Stop advocating violence against Muslim women.
Let's not use this person's culture and background be the leading ways to express anger.  She has a right to her own self being.
WW2 veterans suffered a lot of emotional issues, it was a very hard time. To call one a faggot is just wrong
Your anger should be aimed at the forces behind the war, not the vets as they were pawns of a malevolent scheme.
Arguing with each other will only bring more problems
People are free to identify with whatever ideology they see fit, but to confess to burying bodies, that's asking for trouble.
WOW you really know how to hurt a guys feeling, no need to bash me
The news source may not be correct, so it is wrong to make racist comments on it
A classic distraction technique.
you sound like one of those white supremacists yourself, maybe that's why she wants to protect here family. From people like you.
He makes a good point and yet you make comments about his sexual orientation, if you disagree say so instead
really so now your calling all white people faggots. I think all races should be equal
I can't even understand your argument through all the hate speech. Please rephrase so I can consider your point of view.
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
He is neither mentally ill, nor gay. Use the block button, that's what it's for.
as if anyone with a disability would make a shill account. Of course anyone that doesn't agree with you is retarded or gay.
Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
That's a whole lot of hate in one statement. Looks like you just hate everyone.
nazis arent gay. go on some other fourm where you know what youre talking about
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used here. Please refrain from these types of comments or you'll be reported
Reporting people isn't cool, but neither is name calling.
well talk to the admin to do something about anon calm
This is a horrific story, and I get your point, but the name calling really doesn't help.
man something needs to be done about these people
You could have kept that comment to yourself.
Haha no one gets killed for treason in the states anymore
Such upsetting comments toward Fonder lately.
Opinions are better without the hateful references. Come on, wake up people. Name calling accomplishes nothing
You say this like those a good qualifications to have
Jim did exactly what Jim wanted to do.
You guys are so paranoid. Funny how when the tides are even remotely turned, you guys can't seem to quit whining
Great, so now we are paying for criminals to be defended which we already do with public defenders in the USA.
Judging from your response, I tend to believe that what she says may be correct
The old men did an okay job in their younger years so I doubt they'll destroy us.
You may need therapy. Hate is not necessary. Keep your comments to yourself.
As if the entire landscape of the world wasn't shifted by people of other backgrounds who did and still do those same things.
Any evil person can do this.
Please refrain from using 'cunt' to insult someone you dislike. It's slander and offensive to some groups.
To use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
"faggot" is offensive, inappropriate and hate speech and will be reported.
You should think of a way to express your dislike without being vulgar and using slander.
You can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are.
"dyke" and "bitch" are offensive, inappropriate hate speech and will be reported.
Refrain from using slander words to describe someone you dislike. Try to sound more unbiased and you'll appear intelligent.
"muzzie" is an ethnic slur and hate speech and will be reported. Inappropriate and offensive!
Refrain from using slander words to describe someone you dislike of different religion.
"faggot" is offensive, inappropriate hate speech and will be reported.
Try not to use the word 'faggot' to insult someone you dislike.
You using a person's sexuality as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
That's some imagination. Too bad your only weapon is sexism and racism.
Offensive language based on genitalia is not allowed. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
I don't think she did anything that bad that she deserves to be murdered.
Offensive language based on religion is not allowed. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
God doesn't care who we do business with.
Offensive language based on disabilities is not allowed. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
I just might be their biggest fan!
Just immature ordinary racism.
Offensive language based on race is not allowed. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Finally someone else who respects our President. It doesn't matter if you agree with him, he's still our leader!
Ordinary religious hate.
The fact that you use 4 insults in the same sentence shows how insecure you are
Using the word 'cunt' as an insult is offensive to women
There's probably a better way to express yourself. You should stop talking like that.
People need to see this comment as an example of how not to be
First, the word nigger is wrong. secondly, its racist to suggest that the victim was not human because she was black
That's not how we refer to black people.Stop it. You can make your point without that.
This is a hot take. Not even close to all Muslims are black. Very disappointing to see these types of comments
Using 'Nigger muslims' is attacking people based on their race and religion
That's a pretty horrible way to refer to people different from you. Quit it.
Name calling definitely isn't the best way to express your opinion. Nobody will take you seriously if you have to resort to the C word
The use of 'cunt' as an insult is a direct attack to the female bodies
I think you know how to express yourself better than that.
The term faggot is a derogatory and offensive term for homosexuals.
This word is offensive to people who are gay. Please pick another word to use.
I was wrong, but please do not use the word faggot. I am sorry for being wrong.
Use of the N-word is unacceptable and derogatory as is universally recognized and completely inappropriate to describe the president.
This word is offensive to those people of color. Do not use this word.
You can not use the N word to address him. I get you do not like Obama, but can you hold back with the N word?
Calling Jews degenerate scum is highly offensive and demonstrates a hate toward them that is simply unwarranted under any circumstances.
This is a very hurtful term to those with learning disabilities. Do not use this word.
I can sense a deep hatred, but that is not a good way to unleash it.You can not address and label people, due to their ethnicity and beliefs
The use of the N-word is unacceptable as it is offensive and pejorative toward an entire race.
This word should not be used as a descriptive word for people of color. It is very offensive and derogatory.
Addressing an entire ethnicity based on one person is not right. Expressing hatred towards an entire group is not right.
refugees would be ok to say but wht the horrible word
That is offensive. Perhaps she cares about people regardless of their religion, and respects the First Amendment.
Imagining that people commit bestiality, when in fact they don't even commit incest, probably puts you lower on the pole.
using words like this to describe someone or a group is beyond low
Muslims are people, just like you. Whether you like it or not, they deserve to live somewhere.
You use a Jewish slur to describe a Muslim. That's probably not the word you're looking for. There are books you can read, educate yourself.
This language is inappropriate and offensive and is not tolerated on this platform.
Divert yourself from using sexual terms as an insult.
Using homophobic slurs only makes you sound ignorant.
This conversation is immediately flagged for being offensive and racist in nature.
Do not use racial slurs or use nationality to promote hate.
Using racial slurs is pointless to any conversation.
This language is inappropriate and will be considered defamatory and removed from this discussion group.
Avert yourself from using inappropriate sexual slurs and mental disabilities as terms of hate.
Homophobic slurs have no place in any logical argument.
This comment will be removed immediately.
Do not use vulgar sexual terms in your posts.
A comment consisting of nothing but a slur isn't respectable or helpful.
Calling them that isn't helping the situation. We all need to stop this.
The "n-word" since it offends many, has no place in intelligent commentary.
Words like n****r only fuel the hate. Stop the hate. State the facts and feelings without using racist words.
Under that black skin or white skin, we all bleed red.
it offends many, has no place in intelligent commentary.
This use of racist words does nothing to solve the problem you both seem to see. It only furthers tensions. Stop the hate.
Rosie isn't my favorite but her weight and mental status has no baring on me so I don't get why people comment on it so much.
Name calling and gender bashing does nothing to solve any problems. There are better words in the English language to express your views.
Using the "c---" word here is offensive and should be avoided.
That made no sense to talk about harming another person or using foul language that others find offensive.
This is insulting to black people. It's better to not say that.
You can say the same thing using kinder words
Racist views are hurtful and derogatory. Please be considerate of others when posting
I don't think that's an appropriate thing to say about a race and in terms of sexual orientation.
Your post is full of random name calling and I don't know what it is about. Go slower so you can share your opinions clearly
That isn't a good thing to say as it can be mean to people with certain  sexual orientation.
Remember the right to free speech that places like the UK have. Just because you do not like something does not mean it is wrong.
That isn't an appropriate way to talk with regard to sexual orientation and race.
Remember to fact check things before you send it
Guys, you'd look smarter if you didn't stoop to using racial slurs.
If we all stopped using this kind of language we could have a real discussion about religion.
When you use that kind of language it is hard to take your argument seriously.
Come on people, you were making good points before you started name calling.
Yelling at each other and insulting each other isn't going to do much to change the other person's mind.
I'd be more willing to listen to your perspective if you didn't use such offensive slurs.
Don't sell yourself short by stooping that low.
I don't even know what group you're intending to insult but you shouldn't use a word that serious to hurt people.
That sort of language reflects poorly on your character.
User 2, try to be a better person than that
Using gendered insults isn't going to make you feel any more powerful against her.
Using that word invalidates your argument.
User 1, try to sound smarter by not using such childish behavior
It's not socially acceptable anymore to use this word to mean someone that you don't like.
Using those sorts of words makes it hard to follow your point.
Racism is not allowed.
We are all different shades of the same color
Discuss your thoughts with genial thoughts and not demeaning words please.
Sexist language and language that mocks disabilities are not allowed.
I love CNN news, my dad watches it every day
The words you are using are demeaning to those with serious illnesses so please be kind and think twice before using those words.
Homophobic and language attacking someones sexual orientation is not allowed.
Please avoid harming those who are innocent with your rancid words.
Racist language is not tolerated.
All men are created equal regardless of skin color
Please tell your thoughts without debasing others.
Homophobic language is not allowed.
We should never judge by appearances
Let me hear your thoughts, but please use more discretion because the words you use are biting.
If you can't say anything appropriate then don't reply.
Ignorance is clearly not bliss.
Hey now Gab is about free speech, no need to discriminate on homosexuals
You could have refrained from using that kind of speech. It does not enhance your point, only makes it worse.
Sometimes I think people need a nap before they comment. Maybe a cookie, too.
You may need therapy. There is a lot of anger and hate in that statement. Not cool
I really hope you meet a therapist long beforehand. So much anger to me managed there.
I see you are upset by this conversation but this is just one person, not a whole religion causing you to be upset
Labeling someone in such a hateful way only shows how weak you are. Stop being racist!
I am rather amused anyone would associate Maxine Waters with danger. Surely you are intentionally being so facetious and vile.
A package was found but no person in charge of it found, so it is wrong to hate on black people when they have nothing to do with it
Stop the hate. We have enough of it in this world. Hate reveals weakness
It's Left-Left, Right-Right and a Hokey Pokey. Hentai is disgusting IMO.
Using the c-word to deride a female is completely out of bounds.
You are smart enough to know this stuff, use language that reflects that.
Try to taunt them with intelligent language instead.
"Retarded" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families
Use of the n-word is still unacceptable.
You almost made it through the sentence without using that offensive word! Try harder next time!
Use of the c-word to deride a female is not acceptable in society!
Try to find another word for the female body part that's not offensive.
Slurs that demean are not okay in this conversation.
Everyone is different. You may not agree, but try to keep the hate language to yourself.
The use of "faggot" here as a pejorative is patently offensive and should be eliminated.
This r-word, is offensive and hurtful - because it is associated with people who have disabilities
Attacking  or mocking someones physical or mental disorder is not allowed.
It is difficult to take you seriously when you use that kind of language.
The use of the n-word is obviously no longer acceptable in our discourse because of its hateful nature.
You should attack his policies if you don't like him, not his race.
This r-word, even if not intended to be offensive, is hurtful - because it is associated with people who have disabilities
Mocking someones mental or physical disabilities are not allowed.
It's better to say mentally challenged, it helps get your point across better.
Trying to offend as many people as possible is a cheap way to get your kicks.
not only do you sound like a moron but maybe need some friends
This slur is offensive as it denigrates homosexuals. This is not acceptable in our discourse.
You're insulting the woman who gave birth to you every time you use that word.
The c-word is not acceptable in our discourse because it denigrates women and you should know better.
You cannot pick and choose what facts to accept to justify you viewpoint.
it happens all the time people being blamed for stuff they didnt do
This slur (spic) is not acceptable in our discourse because it denigrates people based on their ethnicity.
It is easy to threaten other races and media outlets you don't like online. You are showing your lack of education.
and you would be in prison for attempted murder
This violent talk and use of the n-word is not acceptable in our discourse.
Ignoring others opinions and throwing hate and derogatory remarks doesn't make you right.
you of all people should not judge being of a minority
This is all hateful speech that is designed to foster hatred and therefore unacceptable in our conversations.
"Fags" as used here is an offensive term and should be avoided
Racist, homophobic or language that attacks someones mental or physical disabilities are not tolerated.
The word faggot is derogatory and I think you could make your point without using it.
"Retard" as used here offends many and should be avoided.
Language mocking someones disability is not allowed.
Making fun of mentally disabled people is not okay, please choose a different word.
Using the term Faggot is not necessary and gay hate speech is not acceptable.
Language attacking someones identity is not allowed.
It doesn't seem to that you understand Islam if you believe all Muslims are extremists.
Racism and attacking ones identity is not allowed.
Your language is not acceptable and should not be used in a public space. You have offended Muslims and women.
Human anatomy has no place in this conversation.
Let's not use retard, even if you are using it in self deprecating way.
Using demeaning words for women and people with intellectual challenges is offensive.
No need for that racism anywhere, GOP or not.
I'm sure the GOP is terribly sorry to lose someone so eloquent and inclusive.
Words that insult based on race or religion are hurtful and inappropriate.
Women mean so much more than what you make them out to be.
Words that are meant to insult someone based on their gender are not acceptable.
Everyone should support women around them.
Insulting someone based on their gender isn't ok.
Of course you got deleted. That language should be deleted from our vocabulary.
I would guess you don't get prompted to delete because you should already know better.  This will probably get you locked too.
Using words that demean someone based on race is unacceptable.
Your post uses speech that denigrates religion, race, sex. orientation, and sex/gender, in violation of our Com. Guidelines and TOS Agrmnt.
Nothing is being accomplished by bashing minority groups on the internet, division like this is the real issue
The racism, anti-semitism, and Islamaphobia in this thread is disgraceful and any further hate speech from any of you will lead to permabans
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation, which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Hey not cool, someone's sexuality has nothing to do with you
Homophobia and ableism are not acceptable. Tone it down or face suspension.
His race has nothing to do with his crimes, bad people exist everywhere
Using such racist language is never acceptable. Continued use of such hate speech will lead to an IP ban.
Keep the ableist language off of this site or face suspension. Use after a suspension can lead to a permaban.
Your post uses speech that denigrates religion, disability and sex/gender, which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS.
Questions of race, gender, and religion are irrelevant here, bad people exist everywhere
Racism, ableism, and sexism. The hate speech triple threat. This is your final warning. Continued hate speech will lead to a permaban
The derogatory and discriminatory language is unnecessary and hurtful.Please don't be racist.
There is no room in our debates for such rank hatred of the other.
People are people wherever you go,  A man's religion has no bearing on his capability for crudity or violence.
That racist slang is offensive.
Use of the slur here is totally unacceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans others.
Your compliment is cheapened by your hate.
Your language is prejudiced and hurtful.
Use of the n-word here is totally unacceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans black people
There is empathy and there is apathy.  It is a mistake to confuse kindness for weakness.
Absolutely uncalled for. Your name calling is hurtful and the slur is offensive.
Use of the n-word here is totally unacceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans black people.
A one word paragraph does not provoke the thought or the rage you seek.  Congratulations on mastering the most useless word ever made.
Please do not encourage harmful behavior and offensive language. This is violent and hurtful.
Your hate doesn't make you smarter, it just makes you mean.  There is no point and it cheapens you.
derogatory comments about sexual preference or nationality/race do not help you get your point across. Kinder words would be more convincing
"Nigger" and "kike" offend many and have no place in intelligent commentary
Lets keep the conversation professional about national socialism, it has nothing to do with religion or sexuality
you can disagree with his politics without calling names or making racial slurs.
The n-word since it offends many does not belong in intelligent commentary
Corey Brooker is not liked by all and presuming yourself, hate them if you wish but no need to be racist
it's not necessary to refer to someone's child with such terrible names.
Offensive and hateful use of the word "cunt" and will be reported.
Let's not get carried away into using very offensive words and keep the forum a more friendly one please, thank you.
All Americans should be considered equal regardless of DNA
Using the word "nigger" in an ethnic slur, offensive and inappropriate and will be reported.
Regardless of race a crime is a crime.
"wetback" is an ethnic slur. Referring to Jews "who look white" is racist.  Both are offensive, inappropriate and will be reported.
Stop being so racist and antisemetic
Racism, sexism, homophobia, or any language that degrades a person is not allowed.
Linking a website that exposes someone to hate is just as bad as saying it yourself. Furthermore, saying these hateful words does nothing!
Don't use that word, its offensive to the mentally challenged
Words that degrade someones disability is not permitted.
I do not agree with calling anyone retarded. This can hurt people who actually have mental handicaps.
Stop saying racist things like that
Racism is not permitted.
Using the N word does nothing but set us back as a nation. Please think before you speak!
That's a homophobic slur, stop using it
Referring to your own family with vulgar names will leave scars that will last forever! Please just think about that.
That's a horribly racist thing to say
The words that you use as ammunition really just make you look bad to everyone. There is no need for such language.
You perspective is down right wrong and you know it. That word has so much pain attached to it. You should know better.
It is not appropriate for any race to use a derogatory term.
Sure you CAN, but people will still judge you. Like me. You're terrible.
Dirty is using a word that hurts people in a very deep way just because you're angry on the internet.
Stereotyping an entire race based on the actions of one person doesn't make any sense.
Please treat black people with more respect. They are trying to reclaim that word- stop using it as an insult.
Name calling someone you disagree with is not going to solve anything.
Wow, way to diss developmentally disabled people, who did nothing to deserve this. A+ example of humanity right here, guys.
Name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to help change the world.
Maybe people like pretending. And maybe your language is offensive. Developmentally disabled people do not deserve to be used as insults.
Over generalizing an entire group of people shows how much you have to learn. Einstein was a Jew. I don't think he was just memorizing.
Stereotyping an entire religion based on the actions of a few people doesn't make any sense.
Your post is highly offensive to developmentally disabled people and the Jewish. I'm reporting you to the mods.
Remember your mothers, wives, girlfriends, and daughters are women, and you wouldn't want to refer to them in that way.
neither of you have ever met any of these people, just for starters, there's no evidence HRC smells like cabbage
The use of the word 'cunt' is a direct attack towards Hillary Clinton based on sexuality and gender
Only ignorant people living in the past use that word.
you are just afraid of change. there is nothing wrong with a person of color having power in this nation.
The word 'nigger' is considered to be offensive as its an attack towards a person based on their race
Remember you'll be old one day too.
Using female genitalia as an insult is offensive. Its a direct attack on one's gender and physical appearance
You can refer to someone as a Muslim, but the other word makes you look like a terrible person in most people's eyes.
there is literally no evidence to back up this claim, come back with some facts please
Using 'Muslim Nigger' is offensive since its a direct attack to one's religion and race. Refrain from such words
Watch what you call people, it could come back to haunt you in several different ways.
you should really think before you use such hateful language
The word 'wetbacks' is derogatory. its an direct attack based on one's race. Avoid racist words
Use of the slurs here is totally unacceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans others.
You both have valid points, and they would most likely be better articulated without all of the strong language and offensive words.
A lot of hate going around here. I don't think hate and violence is the answer to our disagreements.
Use of the slur here is totally unacceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans homosexuals.
That is a harmful and inflammatory word.  Your argument is lessened by using words such as that.
Brett is married I think.
Use of the c-word here is totally unacceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans women.
Throwing out offensive and insulting words like that only makes you appear to not have a cohesive counter argument.
Not knowing fact from fiction is more of a mental disorder than a status of IQ.
Use of the r-word here is totally unacceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans people with mental disabilities.
You both would have a better chance making your respective arguments if you left out the offensive words.
With all the money Google has I think they can pay for a 'trust and safety council.
This slur is offensive and hurtful as it demeans woman.
Most guys have no problem with the lady parts. Some might think it's a compliment. Also; it makes you look afraid of women.
I don't understand why you need to use such an offensive term to try and insult someone. You can do better.
This slur is offensive because it is hurtful and hateful--there is no place for this type of language.
There are gay men that can bench press you. This just makes you look childish.
I highly recommend that you educate yourself. You seem very hurt. Hurt people hurt people. I hope you grow one day.
Using such slurs and hateful language about others makes it so that no one will focus on what your message would be, if any.
Your point was entirely lost in the mess of grade school level language. Perhaps you will be taken more seriously if you use better words.
There is no reason to use that hateful term. No reason. Please refrain. No one deserves to be talked about like that.
There is no place in discourse for the hurtful and offensive n-word.
Jenkum was a debunked myth, much the way your worldview is. Your language shows your fear and hate. Try something that doesn't.
Pointing out a logical mistake is fine but it's unnecessary to name call with a derogatory term.
its a little low to try and belittle someone like this
Let's keep the generalizations and name calling out of it and focus on the facts.
Assuming that all muslims have familial connections to terrorists is close minded and fearful thinking.
Everyone makes mistakes - no reason to use such a nasty word.
Mental disabilities aren't an appropriate way to insult someone.
then you shouldnt post it
Let's offer up intelligent rebuttals rather than hiding behind racial slurs.
Your racism makes people not want to listen to your opinion.
he tried his best it doesnt make him a "nigger"
Rather than slinging racial slurs and mocking the mentally disabled, let's focus on addressing the actual issue with the alt-right.
Rather than having intelligent discourse you're wallowing in hate and paranoia.
you shouldnt bring the mentally challenged into this at all
Inferences of others to animals is not very subtle. It is just clear hate and spite as is the use of the n-word.
racist and derogatory comments have no place in this thread. most find them offensive and childish. Please refrain so we can all enjoy
To use race as a means of calling people stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity.
while you aren't meaning to, the use of those words is hurtful and derogatory. Please refrain as it contributes to the problem
Use of the n-word is never acceptable as is referring to a woman by the c-word. There is simply no place for such language.
These comments are both racist and derogatory and down right senseless. Please refrain and comment constructively
There is no need to offend people with mental disabilities by using such slurs.
the derogatory comments used to describe someone are hurtful and offensive. Please be respectful in your comments
There are other words that can be used here. Dumb or stupid for example.
Words that degrade someones disability is not allowed.
Please stop using the term "retarded" when you are really just talking about something ineffective or badly done.
You should try using intelligent language to go along with what you are trying to express.
Using racial epithets, either subtle (as in "Dark Ages") or direct (as in "Nigger Rigged") is not acceptable speech in this forum.
You are trying to express a smart point here. Try to use better language when doing it.
Attacking someone's sexuality ("fairy gay faggot") to express your disagreement with someone's politics is not acceptable in this forum.
You need to use better language to express your anger
Whatever the officer has been charged with, it is not acceptable to attack him based on his race. The word "nigger" is not OK here.
You need to find other words to use here.
The word "faggot" is not an acceptable word to use in this forum, neither as an insult nor as a literal description.
Avert yourself from using racial slurs in response to others posts.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time
Abstain from using inappropriate sexual language and racist comments.
Stop using racist and gay slurs.
Keep clear of using racial slurs in your posts and responses.
Quit with the racist remarks!
Shun away from using religious terms used as insults and using disabilities as a form of hate.
Stop defaming people for their religious choices and nationalities.
Avoid using vulgar racist text in your posts.
Stop trying to start a racial problem!
Perhaps some introspection could shed some light on why your wife left you for another man.
It is not necessary to call someone by the color of their skin.
Unacceptable use of the n-word shows offensive hatred.
Women are being empowered by this type of hate towards them, therefore you are only giving away your power to them with this type of hate.
While situations may not always be fair, you should not exert the same behavior that others do to you.
There is no excuse for using the N-word or to call for lynching of anyone or anything.
It is better to be thought a fool, than to open one's mouth and remove all doubt.
Regardless of race or ethnic group, everyone should be treated with respect.
Preying on the weak among us is a sign of weakness.
The isolation of a specific group to be used as a case for your point is not necessary.
The term used is offensive in modern society.
It is not in fact your house. It is a community house that we all must live within.
There are several other ways to define someone. Not to mention that we were all immigrants before.
This is an offensive way to talk about women and not acceptable.
You can describe this even using different words.
No reason to call her names for her sexuality, though.
Don't call someone a name back after they call you a name
You make a good point, but it's hard to read through the childish name calling.
This does not add anything to the conversation
I'm sure you are aware that there are other ways besides gay sex to contract HIV.
xenophobic and racial slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
You can make the same argument using different words
It's really hard to understand your argument through all the racial slurs. Apparently, you think religion should teach us to hate everyone.
Try slowing down and not talking while you are upset
This post is so filled with racial slurs, I can't even see your point. I wonder if any of you have actually read the book.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race and/or religion, which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
Those are not very Christian words to use.
Hate speech and derogatory comments have no place in a debate about religious text! what would Jesus say, Please stop so we can enjoy
When you use those offensive words it's very hard for me to take you seriously.
racist views are not the norm and will not be tolerated in this thread. Please refrain or Admins will be alerted
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender, which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
You should find a way to make that argument without the offensive language.
Xenophobic views are not appreciated. there are many hard working people from different countries. Please educate yourself before bashing
It is hard to take you seriously when you use that word.
Racial slurs are hurtful and unwelcome in this thread. Please refrain from their use so we can all enjoy
Your post uses speech that denigrates race and sexual orientation, which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
Using those words only detracts from the point you're trying to make.
racist and homophobic slurs do not contribute to this thread. They are offensive and unwelcome. Please refrain
Can't take you seriously when you use homophobic language.
I'm glad that you reconciled, but cool it next time.
I don't think that's an appropriate way to describe someone you don't know.
Can't take your point seriously when you use ableist slurs.
You don't agree with them, but no need to use that term.
Please do not refer to someone you dislike as a retard.
Racial and homophobic slurs aren't contribution to the discussion.
Cool off on the language. That's antiquated words.
Please don't use offensive words towards blacks or gays to describe someone.
There's no reason to use ableist slurs like that.
That term is full of hate and doesn't need to be used here.
Please don't refer to anyone, mentally capable or not, as a retard.
Sad that you think misogynistic language is okay to use.
No need to slam her for her right to her beliefs.
Please do not refer to women as cunts.
You change people's minds when you subvert their expectations of you.  Your hateful words only confirms their stereotypes.
This type of speech is not tolerated and you will be removed
Stop using sexual and racist remarks.
Talking about other men's equipment makes you seem more self conscious about your own.  You shouldn't compare yourself to others.
This is racist and you will be removed
Stop using nationality slurs.
Please do not use "retard"
Don't pick on a person's intellectual disabilities.
When you use hateful speech like that, it gives people an excuse to ignore your message.
You will be banned
stop using racist and religious defamations!
I'm glad that is your preference because that is what people see when you use hateful language.
This speech is a slur against those with intellectual disabilities
stop using mental disabilities as a slur.
You seem full of hate and anger for a forum that allows you to express your hate and anger. That seems awfully silly and ungrateful.
You're giving him more class than he deserves by suggesting he may be gay. Try a different adjective.
There's no need for labeling, keep it on topic.
I would recommend talking to a therapist in depth about your resentment for women.
That word reveals your fear of women, and suggesting they are gay gives them more class than you. Try different words.
Although you are trying to make a point, you are not a judge, and certainly not entitled to sexual labeling.
You are very quick to use derogatory terms to express yourself. You can probably better express your feelings with a bit of effort.
You seem to have a vivid fantasy about fellating Muslims. Try language that doesn't betray your fantasies.
Your vision of Sweden is delusional. This incident has nothing to do with national or ethnic belonging, it's just pure hate.
If the premise of racism is genetic differences then albinism shouldn't change the way you treat an African American. Contradiction.
There are black albinos, and racist whites. You just told us which you are. Hope you keep your job.
Keep your explanation on topic, and not deflecting to racial labeling.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race and/or religion, which violates our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Please be more humane in your use of language and stop the offensiveness.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability, race and/or religion, in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
The words you use are devaluing others so please reconsider the damage they do.
I see you have some solid feelings toward the topic, but please use more tender words.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Please change your wording considering that the words you use are cruel.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race, religion and/or sexual orientation in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Please don't disesteem people with your words but instead uplift.
There will be no war and uprising.  People of all colors and sexual orientation can live peacefully with eachother.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race, religion, which is  in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Please consider being more polite with your words.
Batack Obama is as American as apple pie.  He was a great president and continues to show how to act as a good person by example.
The words used have a negative impact on many so please be more uplifting to accomplish something positive.
Slavery was abolished with good reason.  We do not need any more suffering in this world.
These words are very upsetting so please use softhearted words instead.
Please don't execrate others with your words.
There is no need to use slang terms when referring to a people who are equally as capable of forming an opinion regarding the welfare system
Your post uses speech that denigrates race and sexual orientation, in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
People are entitled to their own opinions; however, they do not have to be voiced on a platform where people could be saddened.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation and religion in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Racism, sexism, homophobia, or any language that degrades a person or their religion is not allowed.
User 1 was just informing you. No need to use slang to state your opinions on higher power.
Words that mock someones disability is not allowed.
You do not have to post your opinion when it is not always appropriate. Anyone can see.
Use of the n-word is never acceptable as is is too course for all discourse and offensive to African-Americans.
I feel sorry for someone so full of anger and fear.
There are a lot of assumptions being made here (and a lot of hate speech).  Try not to assume so much and instead learn more about it first.
This is just vulgarity and offensive to use the word (faggot) as it denigrates homosexuals.
You aren't being funny. You're just being hateful.
Maybe try to keep your rhetoric and baseless accusations out of the conversation.  It's not at all helpful.
Using slurs reflects more on you than it does the people you use them against.
We do have freedom of speech.  The person is allowed to express a different opinion just as you are allowed to express yours.
The use of the word retarded is not acceptable and to denigrate jews is below the pail.
Facts will always take precedence to fear-mongering hate.
Maybe try saying something that forwards the conversation rather than slinging insults.
Be mindful of how the use of these terms denigrates an entire group of people. It is unacceptable.
Using slurs against mentally disabled people doesn't bode well for your argument.
I'm not sure where to begin.  No need to be insulting and make assumptions about everyone.
In psychology, projection is defense mechanism in which undesired feelings are displaced onto another. Try to accept your homosexuality.
His sexuality really has nothing to do with this issue, and that term is inappropriate.
If this is true than she needs to be the next celebrity to be brought up on charges.
We project onto others what we fear most about ourselves.
Transgender individuals and homosexual individuals deserve just as much respect as any other human.
I would love my child regardless of who they believe they may be.
It's humanly impossible to juggle attached sex organs and unpleasant to deal with detached members, but you sound experienced.
He actually seems quite knowledgeable and you should should show some respect.
Hopefully Dr. Klein can give us some truthful incite on what it's really like in Silicon Valley.
Ms. Kelly has never demonstrated an aptitude for being a contortionist.
Responding to her inappropriate behavior with more inappropriate language deflates your entire argument.
Wow that is a lot of money just to ruin a career.
You have a really negative outlook on life you should consider getting some help with that.
Why insult a whole country and its people? you attitude is wrong.
Maybe you should refer to Aussies with less contempt.
I am shocked people actually speak this way, you have an opinion good for you, everyone has one, your opinion makes you very ignorant.
Racism will get you nowhere, why insult others based on their color of skin, that is really unfair.
Maybe you should find a healthier outlet for your anger and stop attacking people based on the color of their skin.
The color of someone's skin doesn't matter, your comments make you look like a low class ignorant person.
There are many ways to share an opinion, but you picked one with a lot of hate and racism.
Name calling people you disagree with doesn't help anyone.
Use of the r-word here is totally unacceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans the mentally disabled.
Name calling someone you disagree with doesn't make you any better.
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't make them a bad person.
Mentally challenged individuals are intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Stereotyping people based on their beliefs is an overgeneralization.
People that are inbred didn't do so by choice so to insult them about it is willful ignorance.
Use of the slur here is totally unacceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans Muslims.
These are offensive and inappropriate comments against Muslims and Jews and women and will be reported.
This use of the slurs and rank hatred is unacceptable in our discussion because it is hurtful and offensive to others.
People being scared doesn't make them "cunts".
You are just tossing another "Jew conspiracy" theory out of blue, nothing to do with this.
Slurs against homosexuals, such as "faggot," are offensive and inappropriate and will be reported.
This use of the slur is unacceptable in our discussion because it is hurtful and offensive to gays.
Human biology is far more complex than you seem to understand.
Language such as "cunt," is offensive and inappropriate and will be reported.
This use of the c-word is unacceptable in our discussion because it is hurtful and offensive to women.
Racisl slurs are offensive and inappropriate and will be reported.
This use of the n-word is unacceptable in our discussion because it is hurtful and offensive to blacks.
You should keep quiet if you have nothing smart to say.
Using the word "faggot," is offensive and inappropriate and will be reported.
Using age or disability related insultsisn't smart, either.
C'mon now, I get your point but watch the language.
Name calling the people you disagree with is not going to solve any problems.
It is not fair to use anti gay speech, either. It is very hurtful.
I hope you realize that it's totally inappropriate to use those words.  You can make your point in other ways.
TED talk is used to help people and spread positive information, not hateful opinions.
I get your point but watch the language.  You only distract from your argument by dropping words like that.
Name calling other people's beliefs is not going to solve anything.
Your racist and sexual comments are actually pushing people away instead of agreeing with you.
I don't really care for ANTIFA either, but watch the language.  It only makes our argument less convincing to others.
Just because someone is different than you doesn't mean they deserve hate.
When you use sexist opinions, no one will care about what you say, even if they share the opinion.
Yeah, they're doing some crazy stuff on college campuses these days.  Watch the language for me though, it's a little offensive.
Name calling something you disagree with doesn't solve anything.
Sexist name-calling is not tolerated.
That looks like below minimum effort in finding a name, try something relevant.
Your post includes a slur against muslims, this is not appropriate.
Racial hate is not what you want to lead with.
This post attacks muslim people from certain countries, please do not be islamophobic.
Lets refrain from attacking someones character to get a point across. There are real people that find words offensive.
Your post contains homophobic and islamophobic language, please do not perpetuate this.
Since you trying to be objective try to not use senseless phrases like "sand nigger".
Consider using different language to get your point across that is not offensive to those that are mentally disabled.
Leave the children labeling out of discussion.
Using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
Language that disparages someone based on their gender isn't acceptable.
The social worker would just be doing their job, no need to get violent with them and name call.
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Disparaging people with intellectual disabilities weakens your argument and distracts from your intended point.
There are people with learning disabilities and the words that you have used could really hurt their feelings.
Offensive talk about race and heritage/religion using slurs has no place in our discourse because it is so hurtful to so many.
Language that disparages race or religion isn't acceptable.
Someday your children or grandchildren may fall in love with someone of a different race, their feelings would be hurt by your comment.
When voicing your opinions do not use hateful terms in our posts.
Sexuality has nothing to do with this story.
Please use words that don't evoke such hatred.
Avoid using hateful sexual terms when posting.
Wow! The hatred is alive and well in this thread!
Please be more gracious in what you say about others.
You should not use hateful message terms when posting in response to others.
I agree, this music was awesome! No need for the hate.
The words you use are very passionate but can you please use some more discretion.
Do not use vulgar language when posting about complaints.
Blocking them would have been more effective than engaging in name calling.
Please cease using the hurtful words as they are damaging.
Avoid using sexual slurs and talking about medical conditions as a means of an insult.
We get it, NAZIs are bad.
Please avoid using the virulent words that are so harmful to others.
Well I don't think either of them should be referred in such a way. An American President should be respected.
Please use words that encourage not demean others because that will accomplish a lot more.
She should keep quiet but I doubt 2020 is her year anyways.
Please avoid the words that cause humiliation to others.
This wasn't the best police representation, but the good ones do deserve to be respected.
Please use words that are not so mortifying but more compassionate to express your point.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and/or sexual orientation in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
If they want to be heard they cannot act this way. But responding to them in a similar manner will only make it worse.
I kindly ask you to be more considerate with your words.
Muhammad isn't my favorite topic, but he was still a human so let's be respectful.
Please use words that are gentler and not so offensive.
Your post uses speech that denigrates religion and sexual orientation in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
I'm pretty sure our president doesn't call them wetbacks.
Your ethnic violence promoting has no place here.
Hispanics are human beings, and you are suggesting to murder another human being.
Anyone can learn to love someone of a different race. There's no need for you to be racist
Your "humor" is not working. Racial and sexist labels will not cut it.
As a white woman, your comments hurt me deeply.
I think you're capable of getting your point across without being derogatory
If your IQ is larger than 90 yourself, you should be able to express yourself without resorting to using hateful words.
The way you treat and talk to people, is the same way they'll treat you
Your racial hate has no place here.
There is so much hate in that. You can disagree with a president's choices, but there is no reason to resort to that kind of speech.
You could've said everything you just wrote without saying Jew and it would have been ok
Racial hate only says you have nothing smart to say.
When you use language like that, it says a lot of very undesirable things about your own intellect.
Two wrongs don't make a right :)
He was wrong even without the slur.
Hey, that word is outdated. Use "idiot" instead.
Well maybe she just needs someone who will speak clearly and respectfully while informing her of uncomfortable facts.
Unfortunately, you're making yourself look worse than her with the name calling.
Please do not use that word.
How fascinating the mindset can be of some folks online. I hope you don't kiss your mothers or children with your mouths.
This story is bad enough without the hateful comments.
There is no reason to use such foul slurs, find another way to express your opinion.
You do not know the circumstances so please refrain from commenting
That is a terrible word to use in this context.  You sound very racist.
The color of the guys skin doesn't matter. Could have been anyone doing those horrible things to that woman.
You should not promote violence online or use those terms.  You can be better than this.
I don't know why you go straight to skin color. Shitty people come in every color.
All asses are the same, it does not change due to the sexual preference
That term is offensive to the gay community.  You can be better than this,
Heterosexuals like things in their ass too. Doesn't make them gay, brother. lol
I'm pretty sure none of these things have anything to do with his political career.
Sounds like you were there to know that much.
Stop using racist words when talking about people.
Times are different from when you grew up, but I see the hatred of others is still alive and well.
Hold off from using sexual terms and using hateful messages relating to religious background.
Threats of violence are not tolerated here. If you have something valid to add to the discussion, you are welcome to do so.
You sound awfully comfortable considering you're sitting behind a computer screen
Stop using sexual, religious, and gender slurs in order to voice your opinions.
I guess it's cool to call yourself names, just not other people.
Do not use vulgar sexual slurs
What's not falsely reported is that you both have such a limited vocabulary that you must resort to name calling to make a point.
Please apply language that is more sympathetic rather than vicious.
Slurs against gays and Jewish people and women are offensive and inappropriate. This language will be reported.
I'm not seeing how female body parts have anything to do with your disagreement with the mayor's point of view.
Please explain your thoughts in less acidulous tones.
This language is offensive and inappropriate and will be reported.
I fail to see how blatant racism and a desire to kill embody Christian values.
Please make your comments less distressing to others.
Slurs against muslims are offensive and inappropriate. This language will be reported.
I would assume that your use of a racial slur is linked to your inability to spell or create a cohesive argument.
The things you say are awful and hurt so many so please stop.
Slurs against African-Americans are offensive and inappropriate. This language will be reported.
It's your right to block content you find offensive, but there's no need to say it in an offensive manner.
Please champion for a more positive result with your words.
Slurs against gay people, such as "faggots" is offensive and inappropriate. This language will be reported.
Wow that is awful. He put all their lives at risk.
A racial slur expresses you ignorance more than your opinion.
His wrong actions are overshadowed by your hate.
Nobody should release personal information.
Your insults date you to the 1950s.
Anatomical swear words do nothing but make you look silly.
Everyone should have at least one gun at home.
Your opinion seemed intelligent until you splashed small minded racism onto the end of it.
All your good data is completely forgotten the minute you use hateful language.  No matter how good your data is, no will listen.
OJ killed his wife so I don't think anyone's daughter should be dating him.
You're holding our country back with your racism.
A person's melanin content has nothing to do with their ability to be a good partner.
I am sorry but when you speak of Jesus you cannot also add such foul language behind it.
You all seem rather paranoid. Resulting to racist slurs and party name calling while accusing each other of not being conservative enough.
Your points are rendered invalid when you use hate speech.  People would listen to you more if you expanded your vocabulary.
There is DEFINITELY something wrong with pro-white advocacy. Simply reading your answer and the one after it shows why.
There is nothing wrong with being white or any other color.
If you care even a little bit about the people that surround, please don't use this kind of language. All you're doing is spreading hate.
I am not sure where that comment came from but let's skip by that one.
I don't understand why you would put Muslims and Nazis in the same basket. For User 2, the word is ''semite''. Education is very important.
Twitter loves Trump!   I guess you've not looked at his page in a while.
Using a video of terrorists doing terrorist things to convince yourself that black people are bad shows that your eyes are still closed.
If that is true it's an awful story. But I know they have similar stories about white men doing this to their women too.
Please explain your point of view further. If you have nothing more to say about the issue, please keep your useless reply to yourself.
Warren lying was just horrible.
Name calling people you disagree with does not solve any problems.
Use of the slurs here is totally unacceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans the other.
Name calling someone because you disagree with them is not helping anyone.
Use of the hate and slurs here is totally unacceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans other people.
This post contains racist language, you really shouldn't post that here.
Stereotyping a whole race based on the actions of a few people doesn't make any sense.
Please do not perpetuate racist stereotypes with your racist language.
Stereotyping a whole race as bad just because of the actions of a few people doesn't make any sense.
Use of the slur here is totally unacceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans muslims.
Please do not falsely characterize a group of people based on their race.
Use of the r-word here is totally unacceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans mentally disabled people.
Using ableist slurs and offensive language is never contribution to any discussion.
we all are equal we made it through our own ups n downs n still here
You would not feel very good if you were a Jew and you read something like this.
Can't really take anyone seriously when they think it's okay to use homophobic slurs.
we can love each other
It doesn't help the situation to call him names, yes he may have been wrong to do that but calling him names does not help the situation.
Don't really see a reason to use ableist slurs.
iq and forget it
Everyone has the right to believe in whatever religion they choose, calling people names who believe in a certain religion is uncalled for.
Using offensive racial slurs isn't contribution to this discussion, or any discussion.
respect because earned not because of attrbuttes
You may not agree with that situation but everyone has a right to love who they want and name calling does not make what you say right.
I doubt his stomping had much to do with his sexual orientation.
Your post use​s​ speech that denigrates sexual orientation, which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and T​OS  ​Agreement.
Faggot" is a violently offensive term as used here and muddies whatever point you are trying to make
Please don't disrespect a woman's reproductive organs by drawing such a comparison
Your post use​s​ speech that denigrates sex and gender,  which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and T​OS  ​Agreement.
Unless you have a suggestion on how he could improve his personal hygiene your comment really isn't adding anything to the discussion.
The n-word is racist and offensive. It should not be used.
Reading books will expand your vocabulary immensely.
The "n word" may not be used here. It's that simple.
What does their sexual orientation have to do with it? Let's refrain from this kind of commenting, some people are bothered by it.
"Faggot" is an offensive term and should be avoided.
Using the word "retard" is offensive, disrespectful and hate speech and will be reported!
You seem to tear down others race and intellect because you truly doubt your own.
Entertain her as a lady and see if she can teach you anything. Everyone deserves a sportin' chance.
"niggers, faggots, " and equating Jewish people to hookers and pimps is offensive, inappropriate hate speech and will be reported!
Your unrelenting hate makes you sound delusional.
SF is indeed similar to a 3rd world country yet the bigger story is, there's urine in Wheaties apparently!
Using the word "cunt" is offensive, sexist hate speech and will be reported.
You sound the same with your lowbrow insults.
Another example of American Parents AND Public Schools failures. *sigh*
"faggot" is offensive, inappropriate hate speech and will be reported!
You're movement would likely be more successful if you were wary of using hate speech.
LOL there is no Euro ethnic cleansing however I am fully behind any effort to cleanse the vocabularies of true conservatives.
Referring to people who are not white as "mud" is racist hate speech, offensive, inappropriate and will be reported.
You're kidding yourself if you think you don't rely on things from other countries. The microprocessors in the device for instance.
The n word is not truely American. Think harder, young grasshopper. Think haaaarrrrddderrrrrr. :)
Inflammatory language and name calling are not going to make your point. Please refrain from using this language.
It's sad that you judge a president's actions by their race.
The "n-word" is offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary.
Using curse words and name calling doesn't make anyone agree with your or your viewpoint.
Ironic that you call someone low IQ when half your posts are just hateful buzzwords.
"Fag" as used here is an offensive term and should be avoided.
I'd sure hate to get STAPH after using my coat hanger for hanging a coat. Extremist views and language won't help your cause.
If you truly want to reduce "baby murders" you should support easily accessible contraception.
Using the term "c---" to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Please refrain from using abusive language aimed at other users. This does not promote valuable dialogue.
If you're going to criticize someone's intellectual ability, at least put an effort in your own grammar.
"Retard" as used here might offend the mentally disabled and their families
Please refrain from offensive language in your responses. This language does nothing to further your viewpoint or enhance valuable dialogue.
You know you've lost the argument when you just resort to insults.
"Retard" used here offends the mentally disabled and their families
I can't even tell what your argument is, you're just slinging insults back and forth.
It's shameful to make fun of the failures in someone else's  love life.
Real creative. Don't give lefties more fuel for their fire.
The video speaks for itself, not racial slurs necessary.
Surely someone having darker skin doesn't constitute a generalization using a word from the civil war era.
And not the first time a racist has been racist.
It was stupid, but the hateful description doesn't help.
Both of you have lowered your intellectual standards by using such unoriginal insults.
Sounds like an antiquated idea, Muslim or not.
I would prefer if you could site a specific credible source rather than generalize millions of people based upon their religious preference.
Hard for people to agree with you if they don't even understand the slang.
Sexist remarks have nothing to do with proving your political point.
The female reproductive system should be celebrated not turned into a derogatory term for someone you don't agree with.
I am at a lost of words as to why we need 58 genders.
Trans people are really vulnerable and you are making the world more dangerous for them.
I have to agree. I do my best work alone. Communicating with others too much distracts me. Introverts rule!
Use of the r-word here is totally unacceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans people with mental disability.
That isn't a very nice way to great a young lady.
This is a completely senseless insult that has no purpose.
Use of the r-word and other slur here is totally unacceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans others.
Using autism is a really horrible way to make a Hillary Clinton comparison.
This kind of rhetoric is just inflaming the conflict between these groups.
Use of the hate and slurs here is totally unacceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans the other.
All people love winning, does not matter what their sexual preference is.
Using language that demeans someone based on their sexual orientation is not ok.
The derrogatory terminology is rather unbecoming. Try again, please.
You do not know their religious background so please refrain from commenting
Insulting someone based on their religion is not ok.
I found The Russian attempting to meddle in Conservative politics!
Flat earth people do not think of nazis their heroes.
Language that demeans someone based on their intellectual disability is unacceptable.
An extinct regime and a neurological disorder really have little to do with the people who believe the earth is flat. Live and let live.
The news has nothing to do with anyones colour of their skin
Language that insults people based on race is not ok.
Filthy lazy. Fixed that for you.
Language that demeans someone based on their gender is hurtful and not ok to use.
So many adjectives in the English language are not four letter words. We need a mod over here.
you shouldn't be so quick to judge other races.
There is nothing wrong with being unintelligent, and most rapists are not homosexual.
Please find a way to get your point across without hate speech.
I thought Kanye was a rapper
It's a shame that your blatant racism does not allow you to see the inherent value in humanity.
That's a horrible thing to say.  I want to hear your opinion but pull it back a little please.
Racism is never justifiable
Jewish people and African Americans would be ashamed to see how you were referring to them here. Please do think of how people would react.
Honestly, it doesn't help using those words.  It makes you look bad and we don't know exactly what you are referencing.
I thought this was about climate change
Being unintelligent does not warrant being insulted.
You may find that funny, but many find it cruel and racially offensive, please stop!
you could better refer to people by their names
Stop saying things like that, its racist and horrible
It never ceases to amaze me how people can still be so racially insensitive and offensive.
you don't judge people by their looks
Stop saying things like that, its racist
That word is a very derogatory term in reference to women, please refrain from using it.
mentioning indecent words or calling people names is not okey
Stop saying things like that, its sexist
Wow, being offensive towards one's race and gender, it really doesn't show much intelligence in a person.
you should not  describe people through their looks and inferiors
Some people find terms like 'redneck' offensive towards their nationality, please consider that and just stop.
you should not call people names of unliving things
It is never okay to go out of your way to cause harm to innocent civilians.
Please do not use disabilities as an insult towards others.
We live in a diverse world where people are held accountable for their actions, not religions.
Stop using vulgar sexual terms as an insult
Use of the slur here is totally unacceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans women.
We live in a society where words hurt. They hold deep wounds and are often used by those who the wounds cut deep.
Do not use racial and sexual slurs when posting on this site.
Your slur makes it impossible to understand the message you are trying to get across. Why don't you try again in a more educated manor.
Stop using racial and gender slurs against individuals when voicing your opinions.
Immigration is such a sensitive topic. I'm sure you could have made your point without using such slander towards multiple ethnic groups.
Stop using inappropriate language along with racial slurs and sexual terms in your posts.
Use of the slurs and hate projected here is totally unacceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans.
Regardless of your opinions, please do not use an ignorant word like that.
People with 'brain defects' tend to be nicer than you.
It doesn't require a brain defect to be kind.  It is a far greater show of intellectual delay to be hateful.
I encourage you to reevaluate what has led you to hold such racist thoughts. Seek therapy.
There are many who would see you the same way.
A person's melanin has no bearing on what makes them good or not.  You judge a tree by it's fruit, not the color of it's flowers.
That word is outdated, please use something else.
People who say that are often latent. You should examine your own desires.
The word you used means a bundle of sticks. Misusing it reflects more on you than what you are using it to describe.
There's nothing wrong with being gay, so your insult makes no sense.
It seems you like to picture all that imagery. Maybe you should examine your desires.
You're*  vocabulary lacks imagination.  It cheapens your point when you have to recycle short words.
Please don't be ignorant, politics is heated enough without the use of slurs.
Your hostility towards kind people reveals your own faults.
Your message is lost when you use cheap language.  It is better to establish your point logically so people will listen.
Sorry, can you explain why you feel this way?
Think about what you say and reconsider using less harsh words.
Stop picking on peoples' sexual and religious choices.
Not entirely sure there a blacks and latino problem - try class. Also you have no statistics
You can offer your opinion, but please exclude the degrading words.
Don't spread racial hatred.
N/A
Abolish the offensive words and start thinking about using language that is more attentive to others' feelings.
Stop religious and sexual insults!
If he owns his own company, he had to have been doing something right.
Please frame your thoughts in a way that is expressing encouragement and not hate.
Don't pick on a person for their race or intelligence level.
Please keep your language in check and avoid the insults to people.
Stop calling people names!
Please avoid the trash talk and use cleaner language.
These aren't things that you can determine just based on look.
Oh come on, I can come up with at least ten more creative insults than the ones you threw out. Use your imagination!
Tell your thoughts without the negative attacks please.
I mean, the cactus is impressive, but your language isn't. There's no need to be so offensive, guys.
Please tell me what you think without the detestable words.
I agree that her reaction was way over the line, but you obscure the point you're trying to make by insulting the woman in this way.
Surely we can discuss such sensitive topics in a more respectful manner without offending someone.
i wonder what people actually think about you.
racial and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
This is just so unnecessary. Your language is racist and offensive. Please be respectful of others.
i think youre the one who needs the life.
Name calling, particularly with such hurtful and offensive language, is so rude.
Suggesting someone deserves to be hurt and to call them such things is incredibly hurtful.
i would like to see how you would kick in the same situation.
It's a shame that some people are unable to express themselves without hurting others or being ugly.
i bet those blinks are FABULOUS!!
Keep your discussion on topic, without random insults.
The words you use speak are distasteful so please find more courteous words.
This term is offensive to gay people, please use another word.
If you have some addition to story please enlighten us, leave your insults out.
The words you used are biting so please be more attentive to others' feelings.
This phrase is offensive to people of color, please refrain from using it.
I see that you have some strong feelings, but please don't discredit the innocent.
This is a derogatory term that is considered offensive to people with special needs, please do not use it.
Your only opinion seems to be Jews are pigs and at fault for everything. Yet, you give no arguments at all.
Please use more pleasant words to express your feelings.
This phrase is very offensive to people of the Jewish faith, please do not use these words to describe people.
If you have no follow up on topic you should not post senseless insults.
Please use words that aren't so discrediting to others.
This is offensive to people with special needs, do not use this as a descriptive word.
You limit yourself when you choose to use hateful language.  It gives people a reason not to hear you.
Stop saying things like that, its ableist
More rights for others doesn't mean less rights for you.  Wanting equality isn't ever stupid.
Stop saying things like that, its racist and ableist
Your message is lost when you use hateful language. Don't limit yourself like that.
Your post uses speech that denigrates religion, which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Michelle Obama could save this country from bigots like you.  You're right to be scared.
Stop it, you're being racist, homophobic, and sexist
You all only speak like this because of your anonymity.  Your fear still shows in your language.
Stop saying things like that, its homophobic
Its ok if you want to protest, what its not ok is to use improper language that is offensive to others, racism is bad and hurts others.
Well the red vote was won whether you could communicate or not.
I think your points are much stronger if you don't use the negative language, I might even agree with you.
Using the n word is terrible, you are not only offending the other but generations that have suffered from racial insults.
Men don't need females to back them up, but a real woman who loves her man will always be by his side.
Setting a good example would be a good solution, maybe try not to use the derogatory language next time.
Anything we put in our bodies I believe has a chance to attach itself to our DNA.  That means we pass it on to future generations.
I agree with what you are trying to say, but maybe don't use the last part, and your point will be even stronger.
Everythin was good until you used that demeaning and hurtful word, hating only brings pain.
Let's all be honest. Without certain types of football players, the NFL would be nothing today.
Some of the words you two use are quite outdated and inappropriate, remember a lot of young people could see what you are saying.
Saying the n word is bad, you should really stop as you dont know who you can hurt or offend.
Everyone is beautiful in their own way. Beauty isn't just skin color, but what's inside.
I think maybe you should just ignore the people you don't agree with.
It's too late for any gene pool if you're in it.  Calm down and keep your language less perfunctory.
The use of the word 'nigger' is inappropriate and racist. Refrain from using such words as they offend the African Americans
You're comment contradicts itself.  If you're going to be hateful and insulting, please do so in a way that makes sense.
The words 'fat smelly dyke' are offensive and homophobic. its also inappropriate and racist to suggest that all black males are queer
You've hit the hate speech trifecta.  Surely, your daily quota has been met and you can calm down now.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation and religion, which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and 
TOS Agreement.
Its offensive to call people kike whores and faggot cocksucking because it is a direct attack to their race, gender, and sexuality
Top tier bout to get zucced alert.  Watch the language.
using the word 'faggot' is an insult to one's sexual orientation
I'm assuming you aren't using the n-word in the context of historical significance, so just don't use it.  Especially not repeatedly.
nigger ass and nigger country are offensive words which are racist
I don't understand this problem everyone has with bundled firewood.
Refrain from using offensive slander to insult. There are less childish ways to express your anger.
Tell me your actual issues rather than hiding behind sexual slurs that are completely irrelevant to the topic.
I believe people often make fun of people because they are afraid they are like that.
Refrain from using 'retard' to insult. It's offensive to the mentally disabled and those around them. It also comes off as ignorant.
Stop hiding behind your shield of offensive name calling and lob some logical points that are factually based regarding the libs.
I bet your mother is very proud of you right now.
Please refrain from using 'cunt' as an insult. It's slander against women, believe it or not, and is ignorant and childish.
Your inability to disagree with her based on a logical point and instead throw sexist comments leads me to believe you are wrong.
Everyone in America is free to worship as they please, even if it is bundles of firewood.
Refrain from using 'faggot' to insult. It's offensive. There are less childish ways to express yourself through words.
Logic will always win over insults.
Be real wood can't talk.
Refrain from using 'faggot' to insult. It's offensive, childish, and there are better ways to express yourself through words.
You are clearly insecure about something to resort to name calling
calling someone a 'fucking faggot' is attacking them based on their sexual orientation
Rather than insulting the other person, having an intelligent discussion is much more rewarding for both parties.
Ironic that you are bashing the Nazis and calling for mass killings in the same thread
Its unnecessary to attack people based on their country of origin and mental health.
You're using "Us vs. Them " logic which has proved to be extremely wrong.
This is the most low effort troll I have seen in a bit
The user uses words that directly attacks one's mental health (retard) and race (Nigger). These words are inappropriate
The language you're using is no better than the person and  language you are complaining about.
You use the R word, but ironically can't type a full and coherent sentence
The use of the word Retarded is inappropriate because it attacks those who are mentally ill. Its like making fun of the ill.
The Walking Dead and The Avengers both started out as comic books at least a decade ago. It is not strange for an adult to like those things
I'm sure many white people have that rifle
The word 'Nigger' is offensive to the African Americans. Its advisable to refrain from using it.
The man who throws the first punch, ran out of words. Using such a horrible choice of words shows that you can't insult any better. You lose
In my (Midwest) experience, mixed couples are no more rejected than any other. Racism mixed with fat-shaming isn't a good look for you, guys
You've got some nerve talking about human behavior using language like that.
This entire conversation is sad. The only true part is that I've seen racist people mistreat multicultural families and it's 2019.
Calm down, guys. One hateful insult doesn't have to mean you respond that way. Let's try a constructive conversation instead.
Your language makes anything you want to say worthless
Hitler isn't a fan of many people and I don't think this story is going to help that.
You know, I'm not the biggest fan of David Hogg either, but there's no need for insults. It just undermines the point you're trying to make.
You're proving how little you have to say.
David Hogg was an activist's face for school shootings. I didn't realize he now is the face of immigration.
You undermine your own point by throwing pointless insults in. You'd come across better if you voiced your opinion reasonably.
Your "movement" cant be worth much if you need racist language to defend it.
I saw the live video with Trump and Kanye. It was great to see them talking on camera, but Kanye really has lost it.
With a score like that, his profile probably DOES suck, but it makes you look intolerant and unintelligent to use language like that.
Your language score is minus infinity.
The Iron Patriot has nothing to do with a bad profile or score.
Using "nigger" here is offensive and distracts from your comments' legitimacy if any
I understand that you are angry with Mr. Gillum, but calling him out of his name is unnecessary and rude.
"Faggot" is a violently offensive term as used here and muddies any point you are trying to make
You can call me what you like, but I am not as embarrassed as you should be for being so ignorant.
"Cunt" and "Twat" as used here violently offensive and makes your comment weak, even irrelevant
It seems that her name is spelled perfectly, but you are the one that is having spelling problems.
Correction: You is not the same as U. Thank you!
Please review your words and use ones that are more cooperative.
You guys talk about 'liberals' getting triggered, and then you resort to language that proves you can't control yourselves.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Please refrain from using these mean words.
I'm sure you tell people how 'not racist' you are, and that you have 'black friends'. Shame they don't know the real you.
Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings
The words you use are very distressing so please reassess your expressions.
Poor white people get more welfare than black people. Rich corporations get even more of your taxes than both. Being racist won't fix it.
Please use words that don't show such distaste to others as they will be heard louder.
I'm learning disabled, and even I can translate onomatopoeia. You can't even spell it without looking.
Please lay off the snide remarks and let's get to the issues.
One day, Sam Jackson might tell you to call him that to his face. You won't be a tough guy when not hiding behind the internet.
Avoid using words like 'jew' and 'nigger' to insult people. There are smarter ways to express your words.
Description not necessary. Let each person judge at their own discretion.
stop with the gender and religious bashing.
Using slurs such as 'nigger' and 'faggot' portray you as ignorant and childish. Try expressing your words differently.
Take a deep breath and release. That is uncalled for.
Stop with the racism and sexuality trash talking!
Refrain from using slurs, even when on yourself. They're still offensive and childish.
Stop with the racist and sexuality bashing.
Refrain from using words like 'whore' and 'nigger' to express your anger. It's childish and there are better ways to express your words.
Calm yourself. Not even sure that entire tirade made sense...
stop the racist and sexuality bashing.
Refrain from using slurs to express your anger. It portrays you as ignorant and childish.
Slow down pal. This is going too far...
Stop the racist, gender and religious bashing!
The "n-word," since it offends many, has no place in intelligent commentary.
The reason behind the Somali Refugee theory is because American women present themselves differently than their women.
Please use words that are not so discrediting to others.
This isn't very good constructive criticism for a child.
Please make remarks that are more uplifting instead of snide.
This use of the "n word" is hateful and should be avoided.
Slum lords do come in all forms. I have dealt with a few in my time too.
Please use words that are not so revolting to others.
Yes three years does go by fast!
Both the "n-word," and "c--t" used to refer to women, are offensive and so do not belong in intelligent commentary.
I don't know where you live but Christians in the USA are of all nationalists.
Please use words that have better intentions as these words are hurtful.
Just because someone disagree's with you, does not mean you need to call them names! Try a little harder.
Its inappropriate to use the word 'faggot' because it directly attacks one's sexual identity and orientation.
You could have made your point without the name calling.
Do not use the N word. Try to be an adult!
The word nigger might be considered offensive depending on the race of the person saying it. Its advisable to stop using it.
I'm not even sure what you mean by that slur.
Please try to be an adult and find another word.
Calling someone a faggot is insulting. Its an attack to a person's sexual orientation
I'm pretty sure he's straight.
Not cute. Find another way to answer.
Homosexual slurs have zero to do with this article.
Try to find a less offensive word.
Using female genitalia as an insult is offensive to women
I hope you don't have children either, with that hateful attitude.
There was no reason to use ableist slurs in your comment.
Ironic trying to insult somebody's intelligence, but only being able to think of the most basic, edgy insult
Why do you have to classify someone by either jew or retard, thats offensive in itself.
Using racial slurs is no way to get your point across.
If you took any sort of sociology class you would understand the actual meaning behind these statistics
You cannot let what a few people do classify a whole race.
Don't see a reason to use racial slurs in your comment.
I'm not sure exactly what you are trying to say. I hope you find a way to resolve whatever is making you so miserable
Thats ignorant to say that about our former president who did such good for our country.
Sad that you think yelling racial slurs is adding to the discussion.
Ironic to use the N word and call somebody racist in the same sentence.
Yes that makes you much better calling him such.
It's hard to take you seriously when you decide to put misogynistic slurs in your comment.
She wasn't actually silent about that. Get your facts straight.
Woud you call your mother that? That is someones mother.
Just because someone has a different belief than you doesn't mean they are less than you.
I would appreciate it if we could leave the personal and religious attacks out of our discussion.
Racial name calling obviously remains alive and well on Gab.
Just because they are children of a different couple doesn't mean they deserve that treatment.
Your use of crass language in response to this tragedy is unacceptable.
That might be the most hateful, vile, thing I've ever read on here.
Just because someone is different than you doesn't make them any less than you.
I would appreciate it if we could just stick tot he topic and not bring a person's sexuality into it.
Just because a few people in a religion have done bad things doesn't make them all bad.
I think we can debate facts if you would like, but there is no reason to insult somebody's religion.
Point proven. The racism continues.
Just because someone has a different opinion doesn't mean they deserve hate.
That's fine if you don't like her, but there's no reason to use language like that.
She still makes a ton of money, whether you call her names or not.
Please use words that are understanding and not debasing.
Please be attentive to others needs and avoid the caustic words.
Name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to help anything.
Sexist language is not allowed.
Please be more merciful in your language choice as these words are offending.
Just because someone likes the opposite sex does not mean they are a bad person.
The words you use are callous so please use more decent language.
Please consider things in a different light and tone down the harsh words.
That's antiquated language. That's not allowed on this forum.
I wasn't aware that when a woman has a baby it's called breeding.
Life is short to let ignorance bother me
No need to bring special people into this.
People need to really watch how they say things if they want to get a point across.
that's the same thing
That term doesn't even make sense to use.
Oh wow I didn't know lye was that strong.
He will get justice
Someone may not agree with you, but you don't need to wish that on them.
Threatening someones life is no joking matter
No race should be considered above any other.
The participation trophies are really not necessary but we should appreciate our children when they try their best.
not sure what you are talking about
You couldn't have possibly been around Obama enough to know how he lived his life.
i would have respected your arguement a lot more if you just could have left a few words off of the end of it.
The terms "fag" and "faggot" are offensive and need to be avoided in intelligent debate.
You cannot make fun of somebody for being born the way they are and being into what they are.
can you guys maybe make a point? no one believes everyone is actually gay. we pretty much ignore the word anymore.
This pejorative use of "retarded" is offensive to many and should not be used here.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to have a higher iq than a lot of online voices.
how about maybe using the word "uninformed' instead of a general slur. we might know what you mean then.
The term "boorish" is well chosen and nothing is added by affixing the offensive term "cunt" after it.
You can't call someone something so bold without knowing them and continue to act like there's any actual logic or intelligence behind it.
you make a good argument without needing to throw in a word that i am sure the person isnt anyway.
"Retarded" is offensive; try to substitute a less stereotyping term.
Mentally challenged people happen to be some of the kindest people you will ever meet.
how about inept as a descriptive choice instead? i would understand your point alot better.
Stop bashing nationality,sexuality and religious choices!
How does a taste in music define a person? Diversity is what makes the world function as a whole and not all people fit their stereotype.
Nobody is going to take you seriously when you attack them like that with that language.
stop using sexually offensive terms.
Surely there are better, more educated terms out there to describe a person.
Not sure what you're trying to argue for or against, but the word choice is pretty derogatory.
stop with the racist slurs.
If you buff up on your history surely you will learn why we do not use that type of language anymore.
I hope you realize that your word choice is offensive, and people will be less likely to listen to you when you use words like that.
Stop bashing people for their race, political choices and medical conditions!
A "liberal" can portray his or her feelings the same as any other person. Even friends can speak kindly to each other though.
Back off the offensive words buddy, hard to listen to your argument when you talk like that.
stop with the racism and medical condition bashing.
That word has no place in society anymore. A person is not defined by skin color.
It's hard to get your argument or the point you're trying to make when I'm so distracted by your racist language.
The all caps and slur make this an obvious troll or edgelord
The words you have chosen to say are incredibly racist, and are unacceptable! You need to reevaluate your views and word choices.
The color of someones skin doesn't make them a bad person, attack their character instead.
Cory is a name for any race. You seem really upset and unstable right now. I hope you get the help you need.
The language being used is hate speech, and incredibly offensive to people of color and other communities. Use better words!
Dropping the insults would get your point across just as well.
Troll is obvious. This isn't funny like you think it is.
This term alone is hate speech, and should NEVER be used in any context! It is not funny, nor a way to express emotion.
Using that word really doesn't help, it's better to argue ideas instead of just saying insults.
The incoherence of your sentence explains why you use the language that you do
The term you have used is very racist and not necessary! You should reevaluate your word choices to be less offensive.
I'm not really sure what you are trying to say. Try dropping the insults and it will help make your point stronger.
There are people who have to eat it due to medical conditions. It has nothing to do with orientation. Ignorant.
The word choice you have used offends more people than you may think! You should change your word choice to avoid using homophobic slurs.
There is nothing wrong with who people choose to love, it is far better than hate.
If you can't make your point without sexist language, keep it to yourself. Continuing to use this language will cause us to get rid of you
Homophobia is not tolerated on this site. Keep it off or face a permaban.
There is no reason to bring Rusty's sexuality into it.
Homophobia is as disallowed as racism. Either will lead to an IP ban for you.
People are people, so how can it be that you and User 1 get along so awfully
That hate speech has been unacceptable since at least the 70's. Continue to use it and you will be banned.
You and your mindset belong in the 70s my friend.
Racist and ableist language are unacceptable, whatever your reason for using it. Continue and you will receive a permaban.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or race, which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
Please remain respectful of individuals regardless of their sexuality.
There is no reason to use derogatory words to refer to women.
Attempt to remember there are ways to discuss race relations without resulting to derogatory terms.
Please refrain from using derogatory racial slurs.
grow up, everyone has a place in this society, leave your house and meet someone who isnt like you for a change
and ya'll use racism to make yourself feel better about yourself online
There is no small irony in people using that word and calling someone else 'racist'. Being hypocrites is not a good character trait.
there is nothing about different people joining our society that constitutes a plague
Your hate speech and anger towards a race is a plague
Your verbiage makes you part of the racist plague that causes these things.
This is a delusional statement
Your choice of words makes us hope your culture will indeed be 'ruined'.
Seem easy for you to make up a hateful statement that you may relate to more
Your language just proved her right. You walked right into it.
instead of insulting an entire nation, but a plane ticket and visit it. you may learn something
But it's easy for you to be cruel to people you never met is almost as sad
Yet learning disabled people, and black people, have farmed more land than you. That puts you pretty low by your own standards.
Use of the c-word and other hate here is totally unacceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans women.
You know it's hard to take you seriously when you keep using offensive words like that.
It's hard to focus on your point when you keep using inflammatory language like that.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race and/or sex and gender, which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Use of the hate and slurs here is totally unacceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans others.
I hope you realize how offensive that is.  After all there are billions of Muslims on this planet.
I get your argument but if you avoid those harsh words I would better be able to focus on your point.
I hear what you're saying, but I suggest avoiding some of that harsh language.  It really isn't acceptable anymore.
This use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discussion because it is hurtful and offensive to people with mental disabilities.
The terms you have used are unnecessary and not relevant to the context. You need to refrain from using such hateful language!
Let's find a different word to describe people.
This use of the racial slur is unacceptable in our discussion because it is hurtful and offensive to Mexicans.
This statement overall is incredibly racist, and you need to have more of an open mind to others before making such hateful remarks.
Use a different term for people you don't like.
This term is very offensive and was just plain unnecessary. Even if you didn't mean it to offend others, it still does. Use better words!
A different word would make you look lore intelligent here.
This is very racist behavior! You should change your word choice as it makes you look terrible and is offensive to others.
Anger can be expressed differently. Try it.
This use of the slurs is unacceptable in our discussion because it is hurtful and offensive to others.
This comment is very racist and offensive to a religious group. You need to reevaluate your word choice because it makes you look awful.
Try to express your ideas as adults. Unnessicary language shouldn't be used.
Refrain from using slanderous terms like 'cunt' to express your anger. There are more mature ways to word yourself.
Racist names are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings
Refrain from using slanderous terms like 'the n word' to express your anger. There are more mature ways to word yourself.
xenophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Refrain from using slanderous terms like 'the f word' to express your anger. There are more mature ways to word yourself.
This language is really hurtful to both women and black people.
Please use kinder words as those are wounding.
The anger that you're expressing is really disturbing and needs to be checked.
I see you are upset, but please try to be more mellow.
People with developmental disabilities don't deserve your disrespect.
The remarks here are painful so please be nicer.
Jewish people have gone through a lot of hardship and I don't think any of us want to see history repeated.
These words are very offensive so please consider using ones that are more warm.
We don't live in a country where it's okay to kill people without due process.
Please be more friendly in your post.
It's just a picture, no need to overreact.
Retreating behind a word like that to support your argument that I have a low IQ undermines any validity of your comment. I argue with facts
Don't need to hate just because of her sexuality
Her sexual orientation has little to do with her ability to see and speak truth whose relevance transcends artificial human barriers .
That term doesn't even make sense here.
No need to stoop that low if you disagree.
I couldn't understand what you are saying with all of that language.
Resorting to the comparison that my perceived cowardice is somehow related to homosexuality leads me to believe you have never met a "bear".
the homophobic and Xenophobic views expressed are not a representing view for most people here. Please refrain or Leave
I don't think anything you write will help.  They are looking for attention.  Just ignore them and refuse to ingage.
Please consider reviewing your position and using words that will be less vicious.
the racial Slurs used are hurtful and do not reflect the values of members here. Please keep comments like that to yourself
Ignore the troll.
Please aim to use less harmful words when speaking of others.
Xenophobic and derogatory are hurtful and have place in this forum. Please refrain from using this kind of speech
Again, ignore the troll.  They are trying to get attention and they want to know they upset you.
Please revise your thinking and offer words of compassion rather than distaste.
This type of hate speech is hurtful and unwanted. Please be respectful of others and refrain from discussing this type of thing.
ignore
Eliminate the scornful words please and consider the feelings of others.
racist and homophobic slurs are hurtful and unwanted. Please take other  peoples views into consideration and refrain from this language
Ignore them.  Troll is not worth your time.
Please aim to use words that are nondiscriminatory instead of derogatory.
I do not know what you are saying and no one will be able to listen, quote, or talk about what you said because it would need to be censored
Black people are not inherently criminal. Our racist system has criminalized them.
You are not having a conversation. You are just spouting names and you have false claims too.
This use of the slurs and hateful speech is unacceptable in our discussion because it is hurtful and offensive to others.
That's an oddly specific insult. I have to wonder if it's based in fact.
You could say the same thing, without using that word.
I'm sure that the respectable man (who does not deserve to be called slurs)'s intentions are better than that.
Your point is convoluted because of the hate speech. I do not know what you are trying to say.
Be kinder to yourself. That word is an ethnic slur, and you should not use it.
Just say "dumb" or "stupid" if you really need to call someone a similar name.
That word is offensive to the intellectually disabled. Furthermore there is no shame in being intellectually disabled.
"nigger dicks" is a racist slur, inappropriate, offensive and will be reported!
Stop using racist language and vulgar language in your post.
"faggot" is offensive hate speech, as well as threatening to kill or harm someone on the basis of their perceived sexuality. Reported!
Do not use vulgar language when posting in response to other users.
"faggotry" is offensive, disrespectful hate speech and will be reported!
Please do not use sexual orientation and disabilities as a way to insult others.
Using the word 'faggot" is hate speech, offensive, inappropriate and will be reported!
Stop using vulgar sexual terms as a means to insult individuals
"sand nigger" is racist hate speech, offensive, inappropriate and will be reported!
Do not use racial slurs in your posts again.
The word nigger is racists and should might be offensive to African Americans. Refrain from using that word.
People are being hurt by these scathing comments so please rethink your language.
The language used in the posts is both racist and offensive to black people and homosexuals. Do not use 'nigger and faggots'
Think twice about what you say as the words are undignified.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race, sexual orientation, and gender in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Please show more concern for others by not disfavoring the innocent.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability and sexual orientation in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
the words 'retarded and whore' directly attack the mentally ill and women. Its important to respect the mentally ill and all genders.
Please show no ill will toward others with your speech.
its insensitive and offensive to use the word 'niger'. its also racist
Although you have some concerns, please use more beneficent words.
ill take a clasic chicken sandwhich wit med mayo n heavy pickles
Just because someone has a different opinion or color doesn't make their opinion less valid.
if you smoked some you could be a stoner -and- a racist
we need prtection though the world would be better with no citzens or police with guns
Judging a single person based on the beliefs of an entire party doesn't make any sense.
that's stupid and insulting generalization
what are you aginst the user 1 or for it?
Just because someone has a different belief than you doesn't make their opinion less valid.
stop with the idiot racism and antisemitism
always time for change
Name calling people with different beliefs than you isn't going to solve anything.
Your hatred for women reveals much about you. It's not pretty.
Stop using profanity against women.
Don't use that word to describe women
Your use of hateful anti-women speech demonstrates a childhood fear of them. Seek help.
Stop using obscene language about others.
Using that word is offensive to women
You think that's a denigrating term, but it means you fear women... and user 1.
Stop spreading nationalist hate .
Suggesting that it takes a learning disability to identify your intentions really doesn't speak well to how well you hide them.
Don't use that word to describe disabled people
Being 'Muslim' has nothing to do with it. But your threats to kill police have been reported.
Stop defaming Muslims and threating others with profanity.
That's a horrible thing to say about women and cops
Picking a fight with someone you disagree with is a waste of time. You can do better things.
Stop saying things like that, its racist and homophobic
I think it would be best if you all just ignore each other and move on, nothing productive is going to get done with this conversation.
Name calling the people you disagree with is not going to help the world.
Stop saying things like that, its anti semetic
Your words come across just as hateful as you are accusing others as being, be the example you want to see.
Judging people based on their race is stereotyping a whole group of people that are all very different.
It's OK to disagree with someone, but using hateful speech makes it hard to take your side.
Just people on mixed race couple doesn't work all doesn't mean that they're all bad.
Your opinion is totally valid, but remove the hateful words and you'll more easily persuade others.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or religion, which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
delete all of this garbage, hand out penalties, warning emails and suspensions as needed
Fortunately, the world is a big enough place where it can handle all religions.
Most of their decisions are for the better of the people.
Your post uses speech that denigrates religion and/or sexual orientation, in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
get rid of the comment and issue a warning
It is 2019, a lot its normal now, and its a good thing people are learning to accept new changes as we progress.
Your post use​s​ speech that denigrates sexual orientation, which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
delete the comment and issue a warning through an email
Both had a huge impact on society, both good and bad.
You don't have to agree with him politically, but the racial slurs are unnecessary.
Wow! That's a harsh way to describe and innocent child.
You could have just said you don't agree with her. The hateful description doesn't add to your argument.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race and sexual orientation,  in violation of Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Very offensive description, even if you were referring to yourself.
Lots of people are offended by racist remarks, even if they aren't the ace being talked about.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race and sexual orientation, which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Wow, nice assumption.
There are relatively equal amounts of Caucasian homeless to black homeless.
Your post uses speech that denigrates religion and disability,  which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
I love how you think the more vile your speech is the better a person you are.
You can't place blanket statements over the jewish race because of how you feel about certain individuals. That's willful ignorance.
If you weren't so insufferable a person, maybe one of those "stunning" blue-eyed blonde girls wouldn't mind actually acknowledging you.
Just because someone's skin is darker than yours doesn't make them any less of a human being.
I'm wondering how you being homophobic proves him wrong.
That may be your personal opinion, but Don Lemon is a highly respected individual.
wow. how creative
Deflecting your sexual inadequacies onto others in the form of anti-lgbt slurs is only showing of your character.
You don't know why someone acts like that.
Stop with the gender and sexual choice bashing.
Use of the insults here is totally unacceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans others.
No person is better than others based on skin color.
Stop with the racist propaganda and gender based slurs.
You may not agree with Trump, but you don't need to say it in that way.
Stop with the political based and medical condition insults.
Stop with the racist political propaganda and medical condition insults.
People can believe what they want. You don't need to attack each other.
Stop bashing religious choice, sexual choice, gender, nationality, political choice and race.
It's abnormal for a father to think of any man reproducing with his daughter. #Language
Language dude.  You're only making yourself look ignorant talking like that.
Please treat your daughter and African Americans better. Your daughter's sex life is her business.
The good news is, there are plenty of white people to help you with that hate speech issue you got before your fantasy materializes :)
Please be nicer to gay people. Also, the rhetoric you're espousing is the KKK's. You will be demonized by history if you keep this up.
Convicted sex offenders and murders should be executed. There's just no room for them in new, civilized and refined America #MAGA
Language, dude.  You are distracting from your own point and making yourself look bad.
Don't demonize the rest of his race by association with this vile individual. Also, if you use the N-word again, I report you.
Flake is not a homosexual, not that it's any of our business what transpires behind closed doors...
If he truly is gay, good for him. It's great to be comfortable with your sexuality.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability and religion, which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
To call someone a primitive form of who they truly are is to admit you haven't developed enough to see humans have all progressed together.
It is hurtful to use slurs and generalizations about people we do not know.
"Faggot" is an outdated, offensive term, I do not think you meant to use it in this way.
You should look up the definition to "faggot" as you seem to be using it incorrectly.
Revolting to racism and hate speech does not solve the issues you seem to have with this person. Perhaps examine that before posting again.
Threatening statements and terms are not needed to express an opinion. Perhaps consider this in future.
I can see you're angry, but name calling isn't necessary!
It's hard to respect your opinion when you use ableist slurs.
Lovely. Offend the whole world accept for those who have your same skin pigmentation. Disgusting.
I'm not sure what that has to do with the story, but we could do without the racial slurs.
Hateful comments aren't really adding anything to the discussion.
You have just said one of the most offensive things I have ever heard. Congrats. I hope that you grow as a person one day.
Wow! Your hatred for women is intense. I hope you don't have a mother, grandmother, sister, wife or daughter!
Spewing this misogynistic hatred towards innocent people is disgusting.
There's no reason to be so hateful and use such terminology for such a petty reason.
A coward calling names behind a computer screen is pretty nauseating, too.
Using homophobic slurs is not furthering any point you're trying to make.
I don't believe all homosexuals need to be offended because you don't care for this one man.
I'm not sure what your perception of his sexuality has to do with his political support, or lack thereof.
Nobody can take you seriously when you use homophobic slurs like that.
Do not use hateful racist terms towards different races when posting.
The use of the n-word is never acceptable especially when it is used in a demeaning joke.
Here in NC we are an at-will state. An employer can fire you merely over your choice of shoes. I hope you can appeal.
Do not use hate filled messages on posts
Terms used to offend based on sexual orientation are not acceptable.
Homophobic slurs are undermining the contest. Intelligence is appreciated.
Avoid using sexual terms of hate when voicing your opinion.
The c-word is not any way to make a point about a woman. It offends all women.
Very rhetorical to call a woman with female genitals "female genitals." Surely you have real points aside from a vulgar term.
Do not use inappropriate language when talking about individuals or about religious background.
Slur used to foment anger against folks based on ethnicity is always wrong.
I didn't realize any religion was behind cartoon porn, especically Jews. They're so conservative. BRB, gotta Google that.
Do not use hateful terms when talking about religious and ethnic backgrounds.
The slurs describing people based on where they are from are highly offensive and inappropriate.
I concur. No one who is healthy neurologically thinks of such to say online. I can help refer you to someone. DM me.
Don't really see a reason why the ableist slur was necessary.
Use of the r-word here is totally unacceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans mentally disabled people
Everything after the comma really negates an otherwise valid point.
You might've had a good point if you hadn't thrown in the ableist language.
Or needs a nap and to hit the ol peace pipe. Schnikes.
Using racial slurs isn't really helping convert people to your side.
Found the Democrat in the comments section.
Sad that you think racial slurs add to the conversation.
Use of the hateful slurs here is totally unacceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans people.
I learned in Kindergarten to use proper, polite sentences.
I don't see a point in using homophobic language to try and get your point across.
Speaking of people who undermine the leadership and Trump being a fantastic POTUS, division is uncalled for.
Almost as useless as your comment
That's not a sentence and if it was going to be one I would suggest both words should be left out.
I'm sorry, you're breaking up. I can't hear you. Anyway, if you can hear me like I was saying, there has to be some rational dialogue here.
Everyone who doesn't pay attention to you are protected from your mean words
Your point clearly could have been made without the ending of your sentence.
We're all protected in some way or another. America is truly grand.
Your complainant became in valid once you started name calling
As you made your point sexual assault is never okay. But using hate language is not okay either.
It's unbelivable any man of any race would behave in such a manner. I'm glad he may be identified to protect society on the whole.
Race had nothing to do with mooching like you are on the internet right now
What's going on in our government now is a highly sensitive subject. And I assure you it can be discussed without name calling.
Being average in today's economy is no small feat.
The fact that your imagination went to the pleasures  of a sandwich makes me think that's not true
Your language is offensive and unnecessary.
Ew! That's really gross!
Stop using medical conditions as a noun.
You may not think this is an offensive term, but it attacks a direct group of people. You should find a different word to use instead.
stop using racist remarks.
You need to use a different word to express your feelings, because this is highly offensive to people of color.
Use of the insulting slurs here is totally unacceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans gays.
Stop using etnic and sexual slurs.
You should not be using this kind of language, ever, because you are attacking a large community of people. There are better words to use.
Stop using political and medical slurs.
You need to find a different word to express your feelings with, because what you said is very offensive to a community of people.
Stop the derogatory name calling!
The word you used is extremely rude and could really hurt their feelings. There are milder, less offensive words you can use.
Your announcement is racial as it gets, and has no place here.
This terminology is inappropriate and offensive. Warning!
No need for insulting if you have no answer.
Refrain from using this language, it is considered offensive by many regardless of the context.
Oversimplification as platform for racial hate. This is as low as it gets.
This terminology is inappropriate and offensive. Warning.
No one wants to hear your twisted ideology here.
Refrain from using the word "retarded."  It is considered offensive by many regardless of the context.
The use of slurs is unacceptable and derogatory.
The use of the word (faggot) is offensive to all homosexuals and no longer acceptable in decent society.
"Faggot" is a violently offensive term as used here and muddies any point you are trying to make.
The use of that word is no longer acceptable as you know.
"Faggot" is a violently offensive term as used here and muddies any point you might be trying to make.
A term used in this post has been deemed as offensive.  Please refrain from using this type of language.
Rape isn't about attractiveness. Its about power, and I hope you never have to face it's reality.
Do not use sexual vulgar messages in your posts.
A term used in these posts is classified as offensive.  Please refrain from using this type of language.
The validity of your dislike of congress is overshadowed by your hateful language.
Avoid using sexual vulgar terms when responding to posts.
A term used in these posts is classified as offensive hate speech.  Please refrain from using this type of language.
What is your fault is your ignorance towards a group of people.  It only makes your fear of them more obvious.
Do not discriminate based off sexual orientation and do not use hateful terms as insults.
A term used in this post is classified as offensive hate speech.  Please refrain from using this type of language.
He would probably log in more if you didn't greet him like that. While it may be funny to you, it hurts others and yourself.
Do not use terms that are used as sexual insults.
Multiple terms used in these posts are classified as offensive hate speech.  Please refrain from using this type of language.
The whole point of christianity is to show love and forgiveness.  Your soul is poisoned by your own hate.
Avoid using racial slurs and using biblical verses to fuel hateful messages.
The term you have been using is offensive and there is no reason to keep using it as it is offensive to the disabled.
Refrain from using 'retard' as an insult.
There is no reason to use the term that you have. It makes you look homophobic and it is hateful to an entire community of people.
Refrain from using racial slurs as well as 'faggot' to insult people.
The views you have are incredibly racist, and there is no reason to use such hateful speech. You need to reevaluate your word choice.
Refrain from using racial slurs to express your anger. It's ignorant and childish.
Your views are strong and I understand, but you need to use a different word choice when expressing these views.
Refrain from using slurs to express your anger. There are better ways to word yourself.
The term you have used is incredibly offensive to an entire community of people, and you should not be throwing such a hateful word around.
Refrain from using 'faggot' as an insult. It's offensive and childish.
No need to demean anyone really, you should be respectfull of others and express your opinion without hate or rasist comments
I suppose you are a basketball expert. Too bad you never played it, so I suppose racism is all you have out of it.
Ordinary sexism.
You shouldnt judge someone you dont know, maybe he will be a great parent, too bad you have to use insults to share your opinion.
I'd say domestic violence has nothing to do with race. There is plenty of examples of White man being alcoholic abuser.
Just because someone is a different race doesn't mean their vote is any less valid.
You need to find proper English to express yourself.
You shouldn't judge someone when you don't know the whole story.
You might try saying stupid next time. More PC.
Playing the blame game and wishing harm on others is not going to solve any problems.
Being angry is fine, just be less offensive about it.
Comparing on person's actions to a whole group is stereotyping an entire group.
There are other words you could be using. Less offensive ones about women.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender,  which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Playing the blame game based on people's beliefs is not going to solve anything.
You are allowed to your opinion, however you need to express it better.
The term redneck shouldt be used, its disrespectful.
I wonder if your family referred to themselves that way.
Keep your racial comments to yourself, you are insulting not only this person but a lot of people.
Your post use​s​ speech that denigrates sex and gender, which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and T​OS  ​Agreement.
I think my wife would disagree with your opinion.
Your racist comments are out of line, you may not like a politician but that doesnt mean you can insult him and emit racial comments.
Your post use​s​ speech that denigrates race and sexual orientation, which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and T​OS  ​Agreement.
This hateful rant has nothing to do wit the issue at hand.
Not the response I was looking for. Please comment on the thread I posted.
Mathin Luther King is an inspiration for many people, its ok to think differently but dont insult others beliefs.
Way to turn a positive quote into a hateful racist rant, again!
You can have this same conversation with different words. Also try talking to some of the people you are talking about.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race and/or sexual orientation, which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
It's really hard to make sense of your argument with all of the inflammatory language.
This attempt at a joke is not even funny. Jokes do not need to be foul.
It really is hard to even listen to you using foul language like that.
If you absolutely must insult someone, which you should not do in the first place, use a different word.
I hope you realize how offensive of a word that is in society.  If you back off just a bit, you will be better received I'm sure.
Your comments do not make sense and they do not actually mean anything. Try taking more time to express your opinion.
There are other ways to make your point without using words like that.  Its pretty offensive.
Use a different word instead of that one
Nobody is going to take you seriously if all you do is jump in with vulgarities and make no point.
Well he is in England to stay now.
You guys can both use better language than that. That doesn't help anything at all. Stop it please.
Micro-chipping is s horrible technology.
You should really stop talking like that. I am sure you can do better than that. Come on now. Stop it.
German people are pretty awesome.
I don't think using a term like that helps anything. You really should learn a better word.
She gives real rape victims a bad name.
That's false, sexist and homophobic
Being homophobic doesn't really help your case at all. You can do better than this. Stop it.
It is sad that he would say he feels he has no country.
Stop saying things like that, its racist and sexist
Come on man,you can do a lot better than this. Use smarter language.
Your post has used speech that denigrates race, which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Regardless of the context, "faggot" is such an offensive term it should be avoided.
The "n word"" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong here.
Using sexual orientation as an argument will not strengthen your case, you could skip it.
The words you use are offensive so please consider the innocent people that are harmed.
Race and sexual orientation do not define this person. If you don't like him/her, please use actual arguments to elaborate.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race, religion and sexual orientation, in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Please don't take out your resentment on others with these hateful words.
Please do not devalue others with your words as this is very offensive.
Many of these arguments attack religion, race, sex or handicap instead of the person. In your arguments, try to focus on the person instead.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race, religion, and sexual orientation, in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Please stop the animosity toward others as it is very hurtful.
instead of using racial slurs, replace this with the word 'man'
Please don't show such malice toward others with your words and show more understanding.
I wouldn't be proud of finding and befriending racists in other countries... that would say very sad things about me.
Use of the "n word" and "retarded" are each offensive, unnecessary and should be avoided in this forum.
Using such terms actually puts you lower than them on the class scale.
Such repeated use of the "n word," since it offends many, has no place in an intelligent commentary.
Using that term actually puts you lower on the class scale. They're actually educated.
The term "nigger" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary.
Using that word only reveals your impotence. Funny how even the gay ones seem to threaten you.
Use of the slur here is totally unacceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans gays.
You use language no different than that of those who commit genocide. Perhaps you fear it because it's what you want for everyone else.
The "n word," since it offends many, has no place in intelligent commentary.
Please rethink your language and use words that edify instead.
Using the word "cunt" pejoratively is not allowed in this forum.
Your words are disrespectful so please take another look at them and use kinder words.
"Retarded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families.
Please look at your words and be more merciful to others.
Use better wording, you can insult people more cleverly than this lowbrow nonsense; I believe in you!
Please rethink your language and find more tenderhearted words.
The "N-word," since it offends many, does not belong in intelligent commentary.
*tries to stop losing argument with dismissive hate speech, fails*
These words are malicious so please come around and use more understanding language.
"Faggot" is an offensive term and muddies any point you are trying to make.
Just read the hate speech policy, you broke it and I see you, boo boo.
Blonde white female checking in. I would ask who is single but I have it narrowed down.
Please don't hurt people's feelings by saying bad words.
No one who has friends speaks like that.
Please stop saying cruel words because that makes lots of people sad.
Regardless of the context, "the n word"" is such an offensive term it should be avoided.
Which language are you two speaking in because English is the only one I know.
Please stop saying nasty words because people are offended by them.
I'll never understand why she's yet to be prosecuted for war crimes but I suspect it's due to the lack of clarity devoid of any vulgarity.
I implore you to please consider others feelings when you use such language.
Rather than a mute button I would like a filter to block such sewage. Re: Above. All I'd see is the words Freedom Hating. I can live w/that.
Please express yourself in a way that is less despicable because it hurts everyone.
This language is hateful and disgusting. This is not acceptable.
I don't like them either, but that is the wrong use of a medical word.
You are trying to foster hate with the way you discuss jewish people and that is hurtful and wrong.
Xenophobia and Islamophobia is inappropriate and unnecessary. This is not the place for this language.
Gratuitous and ignorant abusive language based on a fear of another's religion shows how offensive you are.
Watch the language, please.
Lots of hostility in here! I was only asking a question!
Gratuitous insults that demean all woman have no place in decent society.
When you use those words it makes your argument invalid.
I happen to know many Jewish Republicans who are far from racist so your point is escaping me.
The people of Jewish decent actually are very good with money and running a business. We all should take notes.
It is very hard to listen to your argument when you use words like those.
The term Redneck is nothing to be ashamed of and yes, Kavanaugh debacle was the final straw for many. Please don't feed the trolls!
I am a wife and mother of a son. I believe that men should be treated better than they have been lately.
It does not help the situation when you say things like that, it only makes it much worse.
In America Muslims vote on Nov. 5 alongside all religions. It's July 4 we have fireworks which, also include all religions.
It is a free country so they can come without an invite.
It is impossible to take your point seriously when you say a word like that.
She is certainly not very bright. I just wish conservatives would avoid the name calling which discounts the valid points. Don't stoop!
For her to even compare Nazi Germany issues with climate change is shocking. That isn't even in the same subject matter.
It reflects poorly on you when you use language like that.
Colin Powell is an accomplished man. MadDog Mattis evidently agreed. They are on a different level than us civilians.
While Powell is allowed an opinion, he should be setting an example and respecting the man running his country.
That's pretty funny, but watch some of the wording if you would.
Use that word the next time you encounter a lesbian. You'll be educated on decorum.
Yeah, that is pretty crazy.  Watch the wording for me though if you would. , it's kind of crude.
Those with learning disabilities are smarter than even that.
Don't make fun of real medical conditions.
Yeah, I get your point.  Watch the language though if you would, it only lessens your argument.
It is precisely from that privilege you've always said those things.
stop using race, gender, political choices and sexuality to bash others!
What you say makes a lot of sense, but if we all tone down the language a bit maybe we can keep the site up.
It's sad that you only think someone with learning disabilities is someone you can compete with.
stop insulting peoples' sexual choices and medical conditions!
Got it.  If you want new posters to stay though, you might want to back off the language just a bit, at lease until we settle in.
You have too specific an imagination for that to be a coincidence. Looks like you'll be reported soon.
stop bashing peoples' sexual and political leanings.
Using racial slurs make anyone seem uneducated and ignorant.
delete the comment and then issue a warning email and then kick the user off for a month or so
Disgusting threats made behind a keyboard just serve to make anyone who makes them seem unintelligent.
get rid of this comment and the user for good
It's hard to take you seriously if you think using ableist slurs improves your sentence in any way.
get rid of the comment
Racial slurs never make anyone sound intelligent.
get rid of this guy and the comment
The ableist slur undermines any intelligent point you were trying to make.
Please refrain from using bias in your conversation.
That poor girl was humiliated and tortured before being killed.
The things you say are painful to others so please change your tone.
It's really hard to take you seriously when you use racial slurs so frequently.
Kidnaping any babies is just wrong and immoral.
Please do not use words that devalue people but instead be uplifting.
Using racial slurs in any context is completely pointless.
Booker is just fighting for what he believes in and I respect him for that.
Please use words that are more obliging so as to protect the innocent.
Using misogynistic slurs isn't very original.
If you don't agree with Murkowski than just vote him out.
Please use kinder words and not demote others with your language.
A comment of just racial slurs doesn't really add to the content.
Obama didn't do much for us and I agree Trump is digging us out of the dirt he left behind, but leave the negative comments out.
At least I tried.
Instead of calling this other person a hateful name, don't say anything at all
This language does not make you seem like a "rebel." It makes you seem immature.
There is no need to bring sexuality into this.
Feel free, as is your right, to call this person a name, but try and use a less hurtful name.
I don't like h4er politics but that's no reason to be rude.
You know you would be hurt if someone said something similar about you. Try using different language.
You might not like what she says but you dn't need to be insulting
Just because you dislike someone does not mean you should use these words.
Your post uses speech that denigrates religion and sex/gender, which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
Providing this kind of commentary is only going to embolden this person. This isn't helping.
Your post uses speech that denigrates gender/sex and sexual orientation, which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS.
Your constant spewing of derogatory slurs completely undermines whatever point you were trying to make.
I get you are passionate about this, but these posts only hurt your cause and make people think that you are too radical to be right.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex/gender and race which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS.
Using disgusting misogynistic language doesn't help prove any point you're trying to make.
This is such a dangerous thing to propose and in doing so you could potentially be seen as a suspect if something was to ever happen.
Hard to take you seriously with your use of homophobic slurs.
Talking about the former President like this makes you seem ignorant. These attacks won't ever change hearts and minds.
Your post uses speech that denigrates gender/sex,  which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Disgusting misogynistic language doesn't prove any point, and it makes you sound unintelligent.
Arguing with this person isn't going to change their mind and especially when it is filled with hate speech.
Using jewishness as insult and of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability or jews with being inferior.
Christians should be spreading love and peace unless their not true Christians.
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Just because one doesn't agree with another's opinion or political stance doesn't mean they should be dead.
Degrading insults as here have no place in decent conversation.
His family members have nothing to do with this.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex/gender, which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Trump is the last desperate person on this earth. He does what he wants to do.
Hurtful slurs equating folks to what is supposed to be ugly sexual characteristics is wrong and has no place in discourse.
Wow I didn't realize she had such a negative following.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation, disability and/or race in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
Reason is already on your side, but you hurt your case by using the same language the people you criticize are using.
That doesn't exist; it's simply a fictitious word created to hurt people.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation, race, and religion in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
I don't think the freedom to say what you want indicates that you have to use words created out of hate.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race, which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service  Agreement.
If you are so much better than the other man, you should steer clear of resorting to base name calling that is racist.
I think the whole government cheese program was finished back in the late 80s.
As long as we keep using those words, they'll have the benefit of the majority.
He feels real gangster in jail today.
Real mature.
Well not to be rude but my stepmother used to be married before my father for 19 years. He turned out to be gay.
>implying you can't get married to the same sex
This is wrong no doubt, but don't think this doesn't happen in politics everyday.
Take it easy there, crusader. That language just makes us look bad.
Where I live nobody snitches without being dealt with.
The more insults you throw, the weaker you look.
I agree with your position but not the racial slurs you used to get it across.
The word choice you have used is incredibly racist and makes you look awful! You need to reconsider your word choice in the future.
When articulating your position doesn't get you enough attention so you resort to name calling.
The word choice you have used is tied to being homophobic, and makes you look terrible. You need to stop using offensive language.
"Faggot" is an offensive term and must be avoided.
I didn't know that could happen! Sounds like a medical emergency! Send help!
The word choice you have used goes against a sexual assault survivor, and you should seriously reconsider your word choice. It is awful.
Yikes! The story is bad enough without the racial undertones!
I know you are angry at the news story, but you are generalizing an entire race and using racist remarks towards them which is unnecessary!
I see you both feel the need to mock both blacks and whites. Equal opportunity hate abounds.
You are hinting towards violence towards a race of people, which is racist and unnecessary. You need to rethink how you word things.
Your post use​s​ speech that denigrates religion, sex and gender, which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and T​OS  ​Agreement.
Try to elaborate your view, instead of resorting to sexist labels.
Regardless of what you think of her, she is still a woman and a human being.
One's sexuality does not make them disgusting.
This is completely off topic and racist, doesn't bring anything to discussion.
You should reconsider your use of the English language if you want to get your point across.
Your post uses speech that denigrates gender and sexual orientation, which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
Ads are business model, doesn't make someone a "faggot whore".
You can get your point across without any namecalling.
I understand your frustration with porn, but the name-calling and hateful words were not necessary.
Black people are not more diseased than the rest of the population. Your reply shows you have something to compensate for- maybe a disease.
Use of the n-word is always totally unacceptable and offensive.
diseases that the eurpeans brought over
This is hate speech and I'm reporting you to the mods for spam.
Calling an entire religion with such contempt demonstrates nothing but irrational hatred.
everyone should take pride in something positive
What you are describing is the murder of loving couples. I think we should take this as a plot to murder and treat it as a criminal action.
Use of the N-word is out of bounds and offensive, as is the derision of the Jewish people.
guess so but at end of day they still both have mixed race n will neverstop nobody alive now is 100 pure nothing
You've used so many slurs that you're all becoming incoherent. I hope you don't talk to your mothers that way.
N-word is totally unacceptable.
no muvh of come back
In all things, compassion. This woman, if she does have violent fantasies, is troubled. We should treat her kindly.
Use of the C-word to deride a woman is spiteful and offensive to all.
he makes his voters look dumb
Words like that are offensive and can hurt people's feelings. There are better ways of getting your message across without using that word.
I think there are better ways to show your disagreement with something or someone.
This is a sensitive topic and using the N word is not necessary. Using the N word will just make people not take you seriously.
Using derogatory names takes away from your point, remove that and your ideas will be better accepted.
There are better descriptive words to use. the way you used the n word made it seem like you were talking about people who killed blacks
What you are saying is confusing and I think would come across better without using hateful speech.
Remember innocent until proven guilty, let the law determine if the allegations are true or not before labeling someone something hateful.
Calling someone someone gay or an offensive way of doing such is not an insult.
You can disagree with people without calling them names, it will help people to see your side more easily.
Please refrain from using offensive words to describe something you do not like. I recommend using 'dumb' or 'stupid' to replace it.
Don't write that offensive word
Please use words that are more compassionate as these are hurtful.
Please refrain from using the word 'retarded' when you mean to use 'stupid' or 'dumb.' Thank you.
Please don't use those offensive terms
Please use more decent words as these offend.
You should refrain from using ignorant terms to describe a black man. Your argument would sound smarter if you were to appear unbiased.
Don't speak about a person like that
Consider the feelings of others in your posts please as these words are stinging.
Refrain from using the word 'faggot' to describe someone you don't like. It's a real word of slander used against people every day.
Do not use those terms
Please use different words as these hurt those who are without fault.
Using the word 'nigger' to describe someone you don't like isn't mature. Try using a word that isn't slander.
Please understand that these words are very offensive and acerbic so please reconsider what you say.
your views reflected are the minority and do not reflect the views of most Americans. Please refrain from racist and derogatory comments
I agree that CNN doesn't show the news but using the launguage you used makes you no better than them.
please refrain from Racist and derogatory comments or you will be reported to Admin and banned
Being racist only makes things worse, many people have overcomed this, you can do it too.
Everyone started out as one race on this earth, no one race is better than another, and no one has pure blood anyways.
there is no need for derogatory language in this thread, please keep these type of comments to yourselves
So what if his sexual orientation is other, you shoulndt use that to promote hate as you are offending not only him but many others.
I don't think you even know what that word means. Stop using language you can't understand.
there is no need for excessive language in this thread. Please refrain and keep it clean
That wasn't called for, you are no better than them using language like that.
You claim to be superior but you're still spewing hate.
Please refrain from the use of insolent vocabulary.
I think sex sells regardless of color.
I completely agree, but could do without all the hate speech and racial slurs!
Narrow-minded comments are not required to voice an opinion.
Way too much talking about shooting people. Try running for government yourself and attempt to change it.
You're claiming others are ignorant, but using racial slurs.
Please do not use terms that reveal your low cultural intelligence level.
I don't know the difference from a new or old person other than age.
Basically you hate all religions that aren't yours.
I would suggest you broaden and enrich your perspective before making uncivil remarks.
I never knew a certain religion was to be buried before another.
The trial is disturbing, for sure. No need for the racial slurs, it speaks for itself!
Sharing your opinion does the require the use of  vituperative language.
Abortion has long been a topic of debate. Showing examples of the arguments is the best way.
I don't think this is the best way to say that. You can do without the hateful words.
It isn't nice to say that. You can't judge a person before you get to know them.
Stop saying things like that, its sexist to use that word
You should probably use better language or just say nothing at all. There's no point in that.
Please don't call me that. Thanks.
Talking like that isn't going to help any conversation regardless of topic.
That's racist. You shouldn't call someone that.
Calling someone that makes you look worse than anything. You should refrain from it.
You can't judge an entire group of people off of the actions of some.
You can't say that when there are actually white men shooting up churches in real life.
Stop saying things like that, its racist and anti-semetic
The  "n-word" and the word "kike" are demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary.
Use of the hateful insults here is totally unacceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans the other.
As Jesus said, love is the fulfillment of all the laws. Also, your precious Jesus was Jewish.
"Retarded" as used here offends many and should be avoided.
There is nothing wrong with the intellectually disabled. You just aren't mature enough not to insult people you disagree with.
The word 'jap" still has an offensive meaning and should be avoided here.
The Japanese do not deserve to be called by such a moniker. Imagine if you were Japanese, I doubt you'd like it.
Just because someone is a different race than you doesn't mean they are any lesser than you.
Welp, best thing to do here is to block this guy and call it a night.
Let's watch it with the hurtful generalizations... there are good people and bad actors in every group
Just because someone has a different opinion doesn't mean they need to be made fun of.
Words like that hurt lots of good people, remember.
Just because someone is a different religion doesn't mean their beliefs are invalid.
I think you'd agree, then, to be careful of hurtful generalizations... and terms that slur people that struggle
Regardless, use of that word is offensive in today's society.
Yeah, but I'm not though, so you need to chill.
It's so easy to hurt a lot of good people with comments such as that
Using that slang is offensive to the good people that are gay.
Too bad how one word can hurt so many individuals... people you might even like if you met them
If you manage to make your points without using hate speech you might atchually be listened to.
Tell them to watch their language since some of what they are saying is hateful.
Why in 2019, are we still stuck using offensive works.
Tell the person they shouldn't be using some of the words they are using.
Can you handle thinking of an insulted that isnt classified as hate speech, or is that too hard for ya?
Mentally challenged individuals are highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Tell the person to stop using words that are pointed at certain groups of people.
How did you think any part of this comment would result in anything but a ban?
To define someone by their race shows your narrow mindedness as people act out of their percieved norms all the time
Tell the person that racism is not cool and that they should edit their  statement.
Alright, making observations is one thing, using the N work and referring to people and calling them monkey sis another
Racist slurs aren't cool. Learn to express yourself through words without resulting to childish ignorance.
This should be so obvious to you that this is unacceptable.
Refrain from using the word 'nigger' to try and insult someone you don't like. There are smarter ways to express yourself through words.
Your argument loses validity when you start using hate speech slang. What otherwise can be considered a valid argument loses all integrity
Refrain from using 'Muzzie' as a term to insult someone with. It's offensive slander and makes your appear ignorant and childish.
Really, you can´t come up with anything better than that?
Refrain from using words like 'pussy' and 'twat' to insult someone. It's childish slander and there are better ways to express your words.
Racism, sexism, or speech that discriminates a religion or mocks a mental or physical disorder is not allowed.
You´re sentences are so poorly structured they are unreadable, are the only words you´re capable of saying hate speech?
Refrain from using 'retard' as a slanderous insult. There are smarter ways to express your words.
Hey, you really should try to remove the word "retarded" from your vocab ulary. It affects real people and children
Use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans people with mental disabilities.
You shouldn't use that word. Words have power and can hurt people
Please don't use the word "faggot" unless you are gay yourself. It just makes you look ignorant and I don't want to believe that you are.
Use of the slur here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans homosexuals.
Yeah, and your name calling somehow gives you legitimacy
Please don't use that word ("retard"). Imagine someone calling your daughter that. Be more creative!
I don't know, looking at their society today, they seem to be pretty mentally competent and disabilities have nothing to do with this.
You really shouldn't use the N word as it has been used to enslave and murder a whole population in the past. It's not our place to reclaim.
Use of the n-word here is never acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans blacks.
Yeah, I'm sure she cares about your opinion
Use of the word "faggot" is considered both offensive language and hate speech, please refrain from using the word in future posts.
Everyone has a right to their opinion, so maybe name-calling is not the way to go.
You guys couldn't be more delusionally angry it's sad. Stop feeling sorry for yourself and fix your life.
The use of the word "cunt" falls under offensive language, please refrain from using this word in future posts.
How original.
Use of the word "retarded" in this context falls within the parameter of hate speech. Please keep future posts free of such language.
Travel case boxes have a very helpful function, one that you've done no job in disproving.
Use of the words "nigger" and "faggot" are considered offensive language, please refrain from using them in all future posts.
You might get more support in condemning the police boss if you didn't just call him names.
and they say Americans have no sense...
Use of the words "mudshark" and "nigger" are considered hate speech, please do not use them in any of your future posts.
People's race or who they choose to date are not really relevant to your argument.
You're so afraid of black men taking the women who don't want you. It's hilarious.
The words which you are choosing to use to express yourself are considered hate speech, and you will need to stop using such terms.
Use of the word "faggot" is offensive, inappropriate and disrespectful. This will be reported.
Not standing for extremism only makes someone more mature than you.
This way of expressing yourself will not be tolerated here, and is considered hate speech.
Use of the words "nigger" and "faggot" are offensive, racist, inappropriate and hate speech. They will be reported.
Ordinary senseless racism.
The terms in which you choose to express yourself are considered hate speech, please restrain yourself.
Use of the words "bull dyke" to describe a woman is offensive and hateful. It will be reported.
The words in which you express yourself are considered hate speech, please remove this offensive content immediately.
Use of the word "nigger" is a racist slur, offensive and inappropriate. Hate speech is wrong and will be reported.
With nothing constructive to reply with, you would end up smarter with no reply at all.
Its offensive to attack someone based on their physical appearance or  race. The language is inappropriate and racist
The hateful speech here is offensive to all decent people and has no place in our discourse.
You all seem to be experts on subject of active racism, and not much more than that.
The use of the word 'retarded' as an insult is inappropriate. It is similar to mocking those who have mental disabilities
its inappropriate to attack people based on their mental health and ethnicity
Use of the hate and r-word here is totally unacceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans others.
If only you could elaborate that instead trowing one more Jew insult
The language used is offensive to women, feminists, homosexuals,and Muslims. Refrain from words that directly attack the above groups
Use of the hateful slurs here is totally unacceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans others.
That's some inventive writing considering there is no grammar or common sense in it.
And I do not listen to the opinions of those who have the nerve to make fun of people's sexuality and choice of meat or veganism!!
Obviously an attempt to troll, with random sexist comments.
It is very hard to take your argument seriously when you use words like those.
I believe false prophets of Satan also use these type of language and hateful speech towards others, don't you?
why should correct terminology be used when you are not using ethical language? that fathoms me
That terminology is not confirmed by any reliable source :)
Your argument becomes invalid when you start using insults like those.
talking and using that type of hateful speech also shows a lot about where you are living, your age, and the way you choose to use your head
Whole your theory lacks any elaboration. Just spewing your hate towards Jews only makes you delusional.
I don't think using language like that help get your point across.
no need to add in the "C" word after that disgustingly awful headly.
When you call people names like that it does not make me want to listen to anything you say.
This word is offensive to women, please use a different descriptive word.
While you may not like what she is posting you are in turn doing what you have just accused her of. Stop using hateful words.
This is offensive to women, please do not use that word to describe people.
Whoa! The back and forth name calling from both of you is shameful. Take it down a notch and discuss it rationally.
This statement is offensive to gay people and anyone affected by Nazis, please do not use these words.
Whatever your views may be it is not necessary to present them in this form. The words you are using have no place in this world.
If you mute people different from you, you'll never grow or learn.
This word is offensive to gay people, please refrain from using it.
Take a step back and breathe. History has told us the truth. Accept it and stop with the name calling...all of you!
No point listening to this person, some folks are beyond help.  https://encyclopedia.ushmm.org/content/en/article/combating-holocaust-denial
Many women find this word offensive, please don't use this word to describe this woman.
I'm sure there are more acceptable words to use in the English language than the ones you have chosen.
"Nigger" as used here offends many and should be avoided.
If your only answer is to kill someone you're almost always wrong.
Just because someone has a different opinion than you doesn't mean they are any less than you.
An intelligent response sways opinion far quicker than derisive slurs.
"Nigger" since it offends many does not belong in intelligent commentary.
Generalizing people's intelligence base on their race is just stereotyping.
You are likely projecting your own inadequacies onto another race to feel better about yourself.
"Nigger" and "faggot" offend many and so do not belong in intelligent commentary.
Just because people are different than you doesn't mean they are any less than you.
That you imagine people are generally as unintelligent and hateful as you is alarming.
Actually one should never call anyone a "nigger faggot" as each term is offensive and needs to be avoided in intelligent debate.
Just because someone is different than you doesn't mean it's necessary to call them names.
Your point was lost in your hatefulness.
Please know that the term "retard" is unacceptable and a notch below the ridiculousness of Flat Earthers.
I agree that flat-earthers are seriously mistaken and need to be reeducated, but hurling insults will not likely achieve that.
"faggot" jewish soyboy" are hate speech, offensive, inappropriate and will be reported!
Seeing that no one is being converted, let's get back on topic here. Useful dialogue and.....GO!
I'm trying to understand why you come across so angry if you're so sure of your viewpoint. I think there might be some insecurity there.
"spic" is an ethnic slur, offensive, inappropriate, and hate speech and will be reported.
I've never known The Republican Party to be exclusive to whites and racist.
I don't understand why the Republican party can't care about both white AND Hispanic interests.
Use of the word "cunt" i n this context is inappropriate, sexist, hate speech and will be reported.
It is widely speculated Hitler had Jewish relatives. The man was mentally ill. He self identified as someone to fit his narrative.
There's a lot more shame to be found in your treatment of mixed-race people than in their ethnicity or nationality.
your use of racial slur has no place in this thread. It is offensive. Please stop
There is no reason to call names, especially a hate filled one. Try and find another word.
This is a derogatory insult that has no place in society.
please refrain from using derogatory slurs. they are hurtful and offensive
You can say the same thing with a different, kinder word.
homophobic slurs are unwelcome and in a discussion about the holocaust are unwelcome. Please refrain
There are plenty of ways to do research on this topic and you have done none. You need to think before you post.
Making fun of a horrific event as the holocaust was is deeply hurtful to all as is the gratuitous offense based on sexual orientation.
The use of derogatory language and hate speech will not be tolerated. This thread will be reported to Admin
Some research before you post is always good and the hateful language makes your post hard to read and turns me away from responding.
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior  as is the slur about homosexuality.
Please refrain from using racial slurs in your description. They are hurtful and insulting
Just use a nicer word to describe this person. I doubt you would describe someone you agree with like this.
The n-word no longer has any place in society and everybody knows this.
I am not sure what KeKistan is but it doesn't sound very good.
The use of slurs based on one's sexual orientation is not allowed. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Lately I been hearing that Minnesota is being more tolerant to certain racism. If so that is sad.
Offensive language based on one's sex is not allowed. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Committing a crime to win a campaign is never a good look.
It is way past October and nothing ever happened to Hillary.
Offensive language based on one's sex is not allowed. Please refrain from using such language.
I wouldn't blame God for humans destroying his creation.
Usage of slurs based upon disabilities is not allowed. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
You speak as though you are frightened of them. The last time a leader spoke that way, the entire world destroyed his country.
Stop saying things like that, its antisemetic
It seems your programming needs an upgrade. Try education.
That's a horrible antisemetic screed, don't say those things
All people are capable of a lack of critical thinking and group think. This paragraph is a prime example.
The learning disabled have better grammar. That puts you in an ironic place.
Stop saying things like that, its racist and offensive
Any linguist would tell you that pidgins are perfectly valid variations of language and are governed by sophisticated grammatical systems.
It would seem he had advanced skills. That would put you below even your insult of him.
That dentist probably had a valid license in his or her country of origin.
White women are far more likely to be raped by white men. That puts you below those you insult.
Parties have changed historically over time, yes, as society changes. Society as a whole has evolved as we learn from each other.
Making fun of a whole party of people is not going to solve any problems.
Wow. Someone is having a hard time articulating their anger!
Your words are offensive to the LGTB community and their families, stop it with that, stop with the offensive remarks.
Name calling a group of people you don't like is not helping anything.
Nope. It doesn't. At all.
Racism is bad, it only generates problems and years of suffering should make you think before throwing racial insults around.
You shouldn't assume a whole group of people is bad based on the actions of a few.
For the same reason you should care about the murder of any innocent person.
Well if you dont care that all right, but when you start with the hate speech you make it all wrong.
Name calling someone based on their beliefs is not solving anything.
If that's is your best comeback, clearly you don't understand the meme.
You are out of line with the word faggot, you shouldnt use that hurtful expression.
Name calling a person based on their race is not helping anyone.
The video was funny, her appearance has nothing to do with it.
your language has a lot of flaws, its ok to have a strong opinion about something but insulting others isnt a good way to express yourself.
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean that they are a bad person.
It's not cool to bring homophobic statements into this discussion.
They cook your food, fix your cars, heal you, they're everywhere in society. Such language could get you in trouble.
Just because someone has a different color of skin doesn't mean that they are less than you.
Being racist won't bring about any positive results.
What are you doing in the Natives' country? Meanwhile, that is language people lose their jobs over. Rethink it.
Hating an entire religious group just because of the actions of a few people, doesn't make any sense.
All people are your brothers and sisters. Maybe you both should look inside yourselves for why you're so hateful.
Latest Nobel Prize winners from the US were Muslims. I don't think you can compete with them, which is why you use such language.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are not as smart as you.
Be a leader, not a follower!
It was a simple question a learning disabled person can answer. That puts you pretty low.
These posts are both factually inaccurate and offensive. Such comments will not be tolerated.
I suggest you take a class in human origins and human biology,
This is really intense stuff without proof. Everybody bleeds red so we still need to treat each other respectfully.
Homophobia is not taken lightly. If you'd like to continue your debate stay on topic and avoid such language in the future.
Reasons for wanting to secede are very complicated and unfair representation is very different than slavery.
Regardless of each others ancestors, let's be the future and change all that.
Daily reminder that such hate speech is not accepted here. Refrain from this speech in the future or face a permaban.
Do you realize some people hate you as much as you hate them? Although none of that is productive.
I don't think that ant-white, white people dislike all whites. It is that we don't agree with the extreme negative attitudes of some.
Islamaphobia and racist comments have no place on this site, nor do insinuations of sexual assault. This is your only warning.
I hope they only ever have consensual sex in their lifetimes .
Well I am just glad to watch Kirby's Dream challenge!
That kind of racist language is not acceptable. Refrain from using it or face an IP ban.
She's a beautiful woman.
Sounds like she regrets making that statement!
You using a person's gender as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
Although I'm not fond of User 1's comments, they at least provide some insightful reasoning. I don't see any of that with your comment.
Using a word like that invalidates your point.
These opinions are laced with broad, inefficient categorizations and hateful slander. Please share your thoughts in a productive way.
When you use a word like that it reflects poorly on you.
Aside from your hateful words being completely unnecessary, you have no idea what it would be like to be in their shoes.
I would be more willing to listen to your perspective if you didn't use words like those.
This is a horribly broad and racist categorization of personal merits based on skin color. Can you provide statistics to back your opinions?
When you use that word it immediately makes me discount your opinion.
To act like all the individuals in a race all behave the same way is to admit to your narrow mindedness.
Unnecessary. It's one thing to disagree. It's a totally different thing to use hateful words in an attempt to cause opinionated harm though.
Using that word does not help your point at all.
erase entire convo and delete the people off the platform all together
How did any of you think any of this was even remotely ok
get rid off the comment and then delete the user and issue a warnin email
The link is bad enough with just skirting the line of hate speech, but your comment there, oh my lord what is wrong with you.
delete comment and kick the guy off the platform for a month
Can we just not use the N word? this isnt the 60´s grow up.
delete the whole convo highly offensive
The rank hatred of jews demonstrated here is so full of hate and malice that it is unacceptable in our discourse.
How do you not realise we fought an ENTIRE war over this, and the ENTIRE world thinks Nazis are wrong.
delete the whole convoersatin
How hard is it for people to avoid using the N word, really, its not a NEW thing that it is considered hate speech.
Do not voice your opinions if you cannot do it civilly
To weaponize someone's sexual preference as an insult says more about you than anything else
Just because you do not like someone or a group doesn't give you permission to be mean.
Do not write hateful terms by using sexual orientation.
To try to use someone's sexual preference as an insult says more about you than anything else
Just use a different word to express your opinion.
Avoid using sexual orientation as a way to insult others.
You can't use someone's sexual preference as an insult because that says more about you than anything else
You can say the same thing, while not using such hateful language
Do not use hateful words by using sexual orientation as a means
You can say the same thing without using that word. People will dismiss you more readily when you use that language.
Stop using vulgar words when responding to posts
This makes you seem like a mob. Instead of calling names, try to have an actual conversation.
Refrain from using slanderous words to insult females out of anger. There are less childish ways to express your words.
You clicked on a thread with an article about her, so I'm not sure what you expected to read.
You aren't using 'negro' to insult, but please be aware that some cultures view it as slander. Also, don't use 'retarded' to insult.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean you should use terms that put down people with disabilities.
Great argument, though we could do without the name calling.
'Muzzie' is offensive and an ignorant term. Try to express your words more intelligently.
It doesn't make any sense to dislike an entire religion based on the actions of a few people.
You could have just said you don't agree with the statue being built.
Using 'nigger' and other slander to show your anger is ignorant and childish. Try to use smarter, less offensive words to express yourself.
Not a very profound quote. There is literally no point to your post.
Please refrain from using the word 'retard' as an insult. It's offensive to people who are or help with the mentally disabled.
Calling someone ignorant while acting ignorant isn't very effective.
Please do not listen to these two! This is not how you treat women!
Vile language like this and the use of the n-word is just showing how fearful and small of a human being you are.
Being a liar does not equate to a mental health condition.
A compliment cloaked in hate. Real nice.
Use of the n-word and adding insult to injury as you are trying to do here is course beyond belief and shows your hateful nature.
No amount of money will fix what happened.
The fine was the maximum allowed under the law and has nothing to do w "judges" or the irrelevant question of their sexual orientation.
I think he is trying to show people his interpretation.
Using a gay slur against someone makes it hard to take anything else you say seriously.
Arnold has been a respected actor who should know better.
Perhaps she should be locked up but the name calling takes away from your point.
Ah, blatant misogyny. Always a sign of a well thought out argument /s
Considering the word you're using to refer to others, maybe you're the one having a seizure. You might just be ignorant and disrespectful.
The words you use are full of hostility so please speak more gently.
There is no such thing and an ideal standard of society. There is only what society has TOLD you to perceive as an ideal standard.
standard is majority by definition rethink your thoughts
America is, in fact, a capitalist nation and therefore does not meet the qualifications of socialism.
i agree withput name calling
Please refrain from using such words of contempt and be more uplifting to express yourself.
Good. I wouldn't want a man to stop her.
god loves everyone
Words can be very damaging so please be kinder.
Just because someone wants you to open your mind to current news, does not make then mentally ill.
Don't judge Tay just because something happened to her. You probably don't know that much about her.
Offensive, inappropriate, racist slur "nigger loving cunt" and is hate speech and will be reported!
Can you just use Black women you'd sound more intelligent.
We shouldn't judge someone based on a few things we say. We never really know that person.
You should just say He's not that smart, Gives you more credibility.
Just because someone is one religion doesn't mean they fit a stereotype. All people are different and react differently.
I get it-  but you could sway more without the all the profanity .
Calling someone that name doesn't make any sense because you don't know that person. You shouldn't judge someone just because they are gay.
I'm laughing but your putting yourself down using that term.
Presenting evidence is more likely to sway opinion than spewing profanity.
Maybe we should think of a better way to communicate our feelings.
Using homophobic language isn't really adding anything to the discussion.
Present an argument against cher's points in the article rather than name calling.
Perhaps Cher is just trying to make the world a better place.
Hateful, senseless, anti-women commentary is really hard to take seriously.
You wouldn't speak that way if your child had a mental disability.
Sad that you think ableist terms are funny to use.
Do some research into what actually happens.
Remember that while rape victims may lie some of the time actual rapists lie ALL of the time. Try putting statistics over stereotypes.
Using misogynistic slurs completely negates the point you were trying to make.
You are full of resentment today.
Perhaps we shouldn't fight hate speech with hate speech.
Using racial slurs isn't adding commentary to the discussion.
There are so many words you could use to strengthen your argument instead of the one you chose
It would be easier to take your opinion seriously without the ableist language.
You call him that, but he is incredibly successful
It's a shame that you think ableist and derogatory language is adding to your point.
"Retarded" used here offends the mentally disabled and their families
What repeating shock words isn't going to help you accomplish anything
Your use of racial slurs doesn't add anything to the conversation and makes you look extremely uneducated.
The multiple references to "nigger" here may offend many and so have no place in intelligent political discourse
Call him what all the names you want,but he is more successful than you could ever hope to be
Using racial slurs doesn't make you sound intelligent.
"Nigger" since it offends many does not belong in intelligent commentary and render your comment vacuous.
Only someone who would use such a word can't distinguish reality from TV. It shows ignorance, try something else.
race baiting and name calling will never get anyone to see your point of view
Even a learning disabled person can distinguish between white nationalist hatred and it's adversary. It seems you can't.
using ethnic slurs doesn't help your point. Try using "muslim" rather than a slur.
Your fear of Muslims is obvious. You really shouldn't advertise it, or let it shape your perceptions.
racial slang will not be tolerated. Perhaps you can get your point across using kinder words.
It seems to be a subject you're very keen on. Maybe if you soften your language, what you fantasize about won't be so obvious.
It doesn't matter the race of the attackers. Calling out race is not necessary to proving your point.
People take you less seriously when you use 3rd grade level insults.
That comment is antisemetic, and using that word is offensive to women
Attacking someone in that manner just makes you lower than them.
Please modify your language as it is biting to the soul.
That's racist and offensive towards southerners
The only one low class is people who would speak this way about another human being.
Please eliminate the cruel words that are very hurtful.
Using the n-word is unnacceptable
The color of ones skin doesn't need to be taken into account here, you don't prosecute someone for the color of their skin.
Please be more courteous with your words.
That's a horrible thing to say about a women
I see you have some concerns, but please use more benign words.
That comment is offensive to women and muslims
No one is going to take your comments seriously with language like that, you can voice your concerns without that kind of speech.
These words are very severe so please use ones that are more caring.
The language you have chosen to use in these posts has been classified as hate speech and is NOT to be used on this site.
Mentally challenged individuals are some of the brightest and most creative individuals on earth and to use that as an insult is ignorance.
You seem concerned about people repeating propaganda, maybe you should consider how you have fallen into the same trap.
A term used in this post has been deemed as hate speech and is not acceptable.
Black players play golf to the same level as white competitors and to throw slurs at them as if it weren't true is stupid.
This word has too much painful history for you to be using it so casually.
A term used in this post has been deemed as hate speech and is not acceptable.  Please refrain from using hate speech.
You can't place a blanket statement over the black race because of how you feel about certain individuals.
This kind of race based rejection can be really stunting to your intellectual growth.
A term used in this post has been deemed as hate speech and is not acceptable.  Please refrain from using hate speech
To define entire races by racial slurs is more indicative of your intelligence than anything else
There is nothing about race in this article and I don't know why you would take the conversation in this direction.
A term used in this post has been deemed as hate speech and is not acceptable.  Please refrain from using this type of language in the futur
To use people's sexual preference as a weapon says more about your intellect than anything else.
This is really extreme language to be using for such a trivial problem.
Gingerbread cookies are their own race.
If you have those type of feelings about other races of people, you should keep it to yourself
Regardless of the context, "faggot" is such an offensive term that it should be avoided.
Wood is good to have especially already bundled and ready to go.
The words you say online can hurt people, so you should watch what you say.
I believe they have decided the answer is 42 but no one can remember the question.
The things you're saying are not even true.
One would have to question your logic behind your choice of household employee given your viewpoint.
The way you speak about people is wrong and I hope one day you learn to accept everyone.
The terms "faggot" and "bitch" as used here are offensive to many people and so should not be used in a political commentary.
All I can say is it is young men like yourselves that make me ashamed to be a white woman.
Just because he's white doesn't mean he should have to stick up for a racist.
There are more accurate and less offensive terms than "retard" which better convey the description of the person in the newspaper article.
Using "dyke" pejoratively here is offensive and should be avoided.
Assigning hateful labels ("nigger," "pedophile," "retard") to others is inflammatory and undercuts your arguments.
Both "retard" and the "n word" as used here offend many and should be avoided.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race and/or disability, which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
The use of inflammatory terms for others is a certain way to alienate people you are trying to convince.
"Fag" as used here is offensive and should be avoided.
Your arguments would be stronger without the use of hateful labels and inflammatory assertions.
"Retarded" and "faggot" as used here are offensive and should be avoided.
Your post use​s​ speech that denigrates disability and/or sexual orientation in violation of our Community Guidelines and T​OS  ​Agreement.
"What in the name of Tar Nation?" is what Jed Clampett said yet I don't recal vulgar slang ever being mentioned... Not even by Hillbillies.
Use of 'Nigger' shows your own failings.
Aids doesn't discriminate against the color of your skin so maybe you shouldn't either.
Manslaughter is still the act of killing someone, as if that deed is not reprehensible on it's own.
Use of 'nigger' shows your own failings.
Nobody should teach anyone how to commit manslaughter.
The vulgarity defeated an otherwise valid point.
Use of 'cunt' shows your own failings.
Biden might make a good President.
It is a far left extremist program but Tony Jones and female anatomy are a terrible analogy.
If the Q&A favors the left than just bring the conversation back towards the right.
Don't use homophobic language like that
I can think for myself, thank you.
That's homophobic, don't say that
His empire speaks for himself.
Don't say those homophobic things
Australia looks like a modern, innovative, thriving country with people from all walks of life.
Stop using that racial slur
He got banned rightfully with good reason.
Calling someone names is not going to solve anything.
she seems nice to me
No one makes you look.
A person's IQ doesn't define their self worth.
I don't think that information is correct. disagreeing with someone doesn't mean they have a lower IQ
That's just opinions you giving, and zero research.
Name calling people with different beliefs is not going to solve anything.
miscommunications happen everyday. it's important to keep in mind we can get through this civilly.
Just immature at its worst. I guess there is no chance you can keep conversation for more than one sentence.
Fighting hate speech with hate speech is not going to solve anything.
i don't agree with the left either but maybe we should focus on the merits of our side than focusing on the negatives of theirs
You seem to be afraid of that, but don't worry, it's just your racist theory.
People can be dumb but not necessarily retarded. Retarded is a strong word to use.
do not be bad mannered, do not express yourself like that
Please limit the pungent remarks and comment with nicer words.
You shouldn't judge someone based on their sexuality.
The words you use can be devastating to others so please make your comments more friendly.
Judging a religion and someone's sexuality should not be mixed together.
I invite you to go where you came from
Please avoid the impolite comments and use helpful speech.
Using violence towards a woman is not very manlike. Judging someone for their sexuality is unfair, whether it's true or not.
Insults are not necessary
Please check on your comments and use ones that aren't so objectionable.
Judging someone by their sexuality is plain unfair.
Please help foster a positive environment with your opinions and not one that is piercing.
The user does not deserve that kind of language.
Please refrain from using derogatory comments about people's sexual preferences. Religion should not be mocked either.
Please refrain from calling people and faggot. His religion should also not matter in this context.
That's disgusting. Calm down a bit.
She should be respected regardless of the amount of sexual partners.
Please refrain from using twit twat.
You don't need to use that term here. Doesn't make sense.
Please refrain from using retarded idiots in the conversation.
People have a different culture, but they are not inherently dirty.
Plenty of Somali Muslims are American citizens who have a right to be here. Their religion has nothing to do with the safety practices.
Im sorry but Somali Muslims could be just as hygienic or unhygienic as everyone else.
There could be other reasons.
It is speculation at best to assume what personal relationship Bill and Hillary have.
Im sure Hillary wouldn't appreciate that. Please keep it nice.
Your post contains sexist language, please do not use such words.
Using misogynistic language doesn't get your point across.
Could be a good point, but the ableist language ruins it.
Having a mental dissabililty is something that you must not joke around with.
Your post perpetuates racist and classist stereotypes, it has no place on this forum.
Using racial slurs makes you seem ignorant.
Using the n word is terrible, all those years of suffering because of that word, its not fair for you to toss it around like that.
Please do not use racist and sexist language on this forum.
It's sad that you think using racial slurs is contribution to the discussion.
Your post contains racist slurs and perpetuates racist stereotypes, please do not do that.
Can't take you seriously when you use racial slurs.
You can disagree with the other user but when you start with the insults and hate speech you are insulting us all.
When people start killing people over a Twitter post things are greatly out of hand!
Just because you do not like her doesn't mean that you have to use such derogatory comments.
This is a lot of hate going on. Even if what you say is true, it doesn't mean we should all hate on each other.
Stop trying to divide us even further than the point we have already reached.
Use of the hate and the n-word here is totally unacceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans black people and others.
Free speech in general is in jeopardy. But to not be allowed to speak our thoughts online is just insane to me.
I do believe we have a lot of false flags, and as for fake news it's hard to tell what to believe anymore.
My Jesus was a Jew and that makes him better than me in my mind. Yes his people killed him, but he still loved his faith.
You look at facts and realize that there is no inferior race with humans
Use of the hate and r-word here is totally unacceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans people with mental disabilities.
Use of the racist insults here are totally unacceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans the other.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation and/or race, which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
There is no science behind your claims that others are inferior, furthermore your use of slurs devalues your argument
People are people. If you believe she is treating others as less than then it is best to not sink to her level.
Use of the insults here is totally unacceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans the other.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation, sex and gender, in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Threats of physical violence whether serious or not are immature, moreover you have failed to say why you wish to preform such actions
its important to remember that we are all human, whether or not you respect their culture please treat all people as people
My cousin is mentally disabled, so I would appreciate if you could try to please refrain from using the "R" word.
Stop using medical conditions as labels.
It would be appreciated if you could speak to me in a respectable manner without bringing my irrelevant sexual orientation into it.
Stop using peoples' sexual preferences as insults!
I think this topic merits a non-biased, respectful debate and using any type of hate speech only hurts the situation more.
Stop bashing religion,race and gender choices.
My brother is homosexual and I really would appreciate if we could keep the convo on the up-and-up without the name calling.
Enough bashing of religious and sexual choices!
Your post uses speech that denigrates religion and sexual  orientation, which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
Stop bashing people for their political choices!
That kind of answer makes you look like the racist. You're calling people dumb but that kind of language makes you look unintelligent.
That word you're using is derogatory to people of color, you shouldn't say it because it is quite offensive.
You are obviously not even trying to see what this is about. There is always a good reason why one is invited to White House.
All that shows is how horribly people of color were treated when most US cities were established.
That word you're using is offensive and derogatory towards people of color. It's insensitive to use and I suggest you stop immediately.
There can be no cities when you don't have rights to found one. Plenty of white men in history who had same status.
How you behave says so much more about a person than race. The way you act makes all white people look bad.
There is nothing to stand for, we are all equal.
I'm interested in how my existence constitutes a crime. I don't hate anyone, I just want to live my life. You don't need to agree with me.
I hope that neither of you ever meets a heterosexual man that identifies as a bear, as he would pound you both into the ground.
maybe instead of insulting homosexuals, you should try to meet one and have a conversation, they are not awful people
Potentially unjust discrimination isn't worthy of being dismissed by a racial slur. Let's hear what User 1 has to say about the article.
I'm surprised you are insulting someone who so obviously is on the same political side that you are.
there is nothing wrong with liking someone of a different race
You might consider traveling to Auschwitz yourself. That way you'll have some actual evidence for your hoax theory.
I find that the more frequently people hide behind slurs and cries of conspiracy theories, the less they actually know about a subject.
instead of falsely claiming that the holocaust was a hoax, buy a plane ticket and travel to Yad Vashem in Israel
The EU accepts refugees from across the world. Nazism preached eugenics and a master race ideology. #history.
I assume that by calling him female genitalia, you are insinuating that Andrew is highly intelligent and articulate.
george soros was 15 at the end of the holocaust, he had nothing to do with hitler or the holocaust
Hey, User 2. If User 1 is stalking you, then you can probably press criminal charges against him. Talk to the police about it.
If anyone is struggling with their ability to reason it's the person who does not understand the definition of mentally disabled.
You sound really ignorant. You should respect other cultures and try not to make assumptions based on what you see in the media.
Before you comment on someone and their religion do some research first.
It isn't for you to judge people.  Your pain is only caused by your resistance to change.
You can have a mature conversation about this without using offensive terms like the n-word (unless you're black, of course).
Your ideas are not at all correct. Before commenting on things look into it first.
You can't make something less hateful by putting it in quotation marks.  Hate is hate.  It allows people to ignore you and your message.
You sound like a hateful person. Try to have an intelligent conversation instead of using such offensive words.
You can say a similar thing without having to use these words. It also makes your post hard to understand.
Your closed mind limits you and costs you the benefit of knowing someone who could be a good and loyal friend.
You are being rude, and frankly not making a lot of sense. Please consult a grammar guide and then try again!
The post, due to the grammar, does not make sense. Plus you used foul language. Overall the post needs to be cleaned up.
Getting an education would do wonders to help you get your point across.  Illiteracy gives people an excuse to ignore you.
You are perpetuating hate by the use of the n-word. Please don't use it, and don't make assumptions about all black people based on 1 thing.
You are lacking basic information and a source. You cannot just say a certain group of people cannot be trusted. You have no reason
You're selfish to make this tragic story about melanin content when it has everything to do with violence.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability, sex and gender in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
So, I gather you are not a fan of liberals. Noted.
Stop picking on her political choices!
Don't call people names.
Literally, NO point to your post.
What utter nonsense! , Stop hating the political choices of others. , Stop picking on peoples' sexual choices.
He is obviously a good fighter, despite your name calling.
Don't call the winner an animal. , Don't call the winner names.  ,Don't pick on peoples' choices.
Perpetuating hatred with name calling is totally the solution to violence.
Don't advocate violence for political beliefs.
This comment is highly derogatory and racist and will be removed immediately. User will be blocked from further commenting.
Please refrain from references to race or color and ethnicity.
Please cease the mortifying language and begin to use more tolerant words.
This comment has been deemed offensive and will be deleted permanently.
Please refrain from references sexual orientation
Please use words that are more considerate as these are shameful.
This entire conversation is flagged for containing inappropriate and offensive language.
Please do not abase others with these words, but express your concerns in a more appropriate manner.
racist comments will be removed and user will be blocked
Please refrain from referring to race or color of individuals
Please think over carefully how the tongue is a sword and use less sharp words.
this comment is offensive and derogatory. user will be blocked from further commentary.
Please refrain from referring to sexual orientation
Please show some humbleness and find gentle words to express your concerns.
references to God seem to be common ground to be referenced.
A term used in this post has been deemed as hate speech.  Please refrain from using offensive language of this nature in the future.
reference to her race needs to be removed.
A term used in this post has been deemed as hate speech.  Please DO NOT use offensive slurs when communicating on Gab.
reference to the word "retard" needs to be removed.
A term used in this post has been deemed as hate speech.  Please DO NOT use offensive language when communicating on Gab.
reference to race (nigger) needs to be removed. replace with the word african american.
A term used in this post has been deemed as hate speech.  Please DO NOT use hateful and racist language when communicating on Gab.
1. remove "hildabeast" replace with "issue" and remove "biotch"   
2. remove "cunt" replace with woman
A term used in this post has been deemed as hate speech.  Please DO NOT use this type of offensive language when communicating on Gab.
Stop using sexual slurs.
Those words are outdated and offensive to gay people.
I'd be more apt to listen to what you're saying if you didn't use those types of words.
Stop using negative slurs based on race, sexuality or intelligence.
There's no need to escalate your argument with ignorant slurs.
It is a poor reflection on yourself if you need to use language like that.
Stop using sexual and racial slurs.
Let's just focus on the music, guys.
I get that you're trying to make a point, but it's difficult to understand when you use words like those.
It invalidates your argument when you use that type of language.
Don't insult people for their intelligence level.
That word is offensive to people with mental retardation.
When you use a word like that it makes me not want to engage any further with you.
This coming from someone that can't seem to handle people having a different perspective as they do.
Your issue is understood, but express it in a manner that is acceptable - name calling is not. This doesn't make you look any better.
You don't have to use such hateful name calling in your defense.
"Weirdos" would have covered it, without bringing races into it.
You are using such racist labeling. There's no need for it
Most of us are here for things other than hate speech, though.
Yes, you can call people names, but be prepared for the consequences of your foul language and painfully obvious lack of intelligence.
That is a terrible statement. No need for the name calling.
I agree, what he did was wrong, but name calling takes away from the facts.
Point taken without the name calling. Not needed.
The hateful words you use can really affect others. You should really consider how you view others.
Your argument made sense before the racial name calling.
Whoa. Not sure what crawled into your cornflakes this morning. Get a grip. Sounds like you may be the worthless one.
There you go spreading more hate in this hateful world. It is really not needed.
It doesn't matter if you think that she is a bad driver, she deserves more respect than to refer to her that way.
This is a baseless stereotype that hurts people.
Do not use the word 'nigger' to try and insult someone you dislike.
Using insults will not prove your point.
You shouldn't use such gendered words as insults.
Please try to explain what you are saying without coming off as anti-Semitic.
Please don't base your view of the world around hating Jewish people.
Do not use the word 'retarded' to try and insult someone you dislike. It's offensive to those who suffer from mental disabilities.
Whatever credibility you had, was lost when you began name calling.
You should be more careful advocating violence against women.
Being racist and calling for violence against a race does not make you look smart. Also, refrain from using the word 'cunt.'
Using language like that detracts from the point you are trying to make.
Just because people disagree with you does not mean they are insane or worthy of insult.
Refrain from using the word 'twat' to try and insult someone. It's offensive slander.
This slur is unacceptable in our discourse because of its offensive and hurtful demeaning of the person you try to insult.
Using the term "twat" is offensive and should be avoided.
delete this guy  for a month
This insult is not acceptable in decent conversation because such slurs are demeaning woman, hurtful and offensive.
Using the word "dyke" as a pejorative is offensive and so prohibited here.
"Retarded" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families
delete and send a warning maybe
Use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans women.
Using the term "c---" here is offensive and should be avoided.
Do not use medical conditions as insults towards individuals.
I don't think the actual headline included that adjective.
Do not use cultural slurs towards races.
No need to call yourself names, she obviously loves you.
Please avoid using vulgar language when responding to posts.
You might not agree with him, but using homosexual slurs does nothing to make your argument convincing.
Use of the slurs here is totally unacceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans gays.
Do not use racist terms in your posts
No, I prefer "human being".
Use of the hateful slur here is totally unacceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans Muslims.
Do not use racist terms when talking about people.
Use of this word (faggot) is not okay any longer--it is hurtful and derogatory.
I don't know what sexual orientation has to do with his desire to accurately portray the constitution.
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and use of the n-word is wrong.
If you were all as intelligent as you think, you wouldn't lower yourselves to insulting the mentally disabled and throwing racial slurs.
Oh what fear about others is demonstrated here. Small minds and small thinking.
IF you are going to insult rather than stick to facts, please learn how to spell your insults.
Use of the n-word is so offensive and hurtful as well as obvious that it only shames those who use it. There is no place for such talk.
Jealousy and ignorance often rear their ugly heads in racial slurs.
Use of this word is offensive and hurtful as it denigrates homosexuality. It is an unacceptable slur.
You need a fact checker: Jim Carrey is markedly heterosexual.
There is no need to bring race into it.
Unless you know them personally and their circumstances then it's often best to keep opinions to yourself
Find some other words that aren't so biting but more encouraging.
People like you are what they are resisting.
Coming from the guy with a very loose grip on the English language
Please get rid of the cruel language and use more love in the words you speak.
settle down, people. Arguing on the internet never solves anything. It just makes you angry
Please reassess your words and find some that are more forbearing.
Removing anyone from the crime stats brings them down.
You could probably phrase that better and less offensively but the stats might be interesting
The expressions you use are an abhorrence, so please show more feeling to others.
Just because you can say those things doesn't mean you should.
Typing offensive terms in capital letters won't make you feel any better. Free speech is different from being able to spout hate
Please change your mind about the language and use words with less insolence.
Use of the r- word is offensive. please use mentally challenged.
Stop bullying political choices and medical conditions.
Slanders towards homosexuals is offensive and not tolerated.
Stop bullying due to sexual preferences!
Use of the slur here is totally unacceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans homosexuality.
This language is offensive to those of white ethnicity.
Stop with the bullying over political choices!
Offensive language attaching any religion is not tolerated.
Stop with negative propaganda about a persons' religion.
References to genitalia is not acceptable in this format.
stop with the gender based name calling!
Our previous Presidents name was Obama, you need to respect that.
Socialism has nothing to do with race so the slur wasn't necessary.
The name your your looking for is Muslim
This seems to be a new racial slur which makes those who use it sound really uneducated.
Most bombs used in terror attacks are very simple. Loo at the Boston Marathon bombing; screws in a pressure cooker.
Grow up. We're in the 21st century, your language needs improving
Two very rich celebrities!
The protesters are Constitutionally allowed to do this, as are celebrities. It is not in any way stupid.
There is no room in our discourse for this word as it spreads hurt and offends.
Do not say "trans" to describe a company as a way to make fun of others and do not use such harsh language.
Using language like that only makes people go away and not listen to you
Use of the such words is never acceptable as is is too course for all discourse and offensive and hurtful.
That word does not make anyone want to listen to your side
This is a hurtful and offensive word to most females and is unacceptable.
You can say the same thing, but with a different word
The use of this term is no longer acceptable as it is hurtful and derogatory.
You were asked to be civil. Please do.
Please don't use the ignominious words but ones that won't victimize.
That's a whole lot of hatred towards people who happen to love someone you don't approve of!
Try to use a different word to express yourself, like Dumb or stupid.
Please confront these issues with less animosity.
Simple and to the point, Don't use it on this forum.
The words you use are nasty so please use ones that are less shaming.
Random homosexual slurs have no place here.
Try to use appropriate language when expressing yourself.
Please don't use repugnance in expressing your thoughts but instead thoughtful words that can accomplish more.
Hate laced threats of violence are no more appropriate than this guy's behavior.
That word is no longer PC. Try dumb or stupid instead.
The words used can take away someone's dignity so please revise them.
You're acting ignorant to the full extent, even though I agree with your sentiment.
Using vulgar language such as that isn't making the one being called names look unintelligent, perhaps the user of the vulgar language.
Your vulgarity is unnecessary and there are nicer ways to express your opinion.
Wow, if that is your level of thoughtful reply, it reveals how impotent you are. Try something else.
Telling women what they should do or where they should be is your first mistake.
"Retarded" is a hurtful and offensive description. Furthermore, women are equal to men and do not have a "place." You're being disrespectful
As a learning disabled person, I can explain that logic to you: if it reveals police are not racist, then they should not stop wearing them.
Calling someone names isn't effective in making your point heard by others.
Name calling is uncalled for and your profanity is disrespectful. There is no need to express your opinion in this manner.
A learning disabled person can also correct your grammar. "They're". One just did.
Degrading women isn't a good way to make any point that you may have on this matter heard by anyone.
Women are free to make choices concerning their bodies and your profane opinions are uncalled for. Please refrain from being disrespectful.
It's like watching children in a clubhouse talk about girls and cooties. Calling them that only makes you look silly to them.
This is a sad case to be calling people names
The comment has nothing to do with the post, It would better serve the conversation to stay on topic without fishing for a reply to hate.
Talking like that categorizes you with special needs, turrets.
Your reply adds no value to the conversation since there is no valid point or question to it, trolling and hate is not acceptable here.
There is no place in discourse for this total vulgarity and use of the n-word.
That's a half of a compliment
I have not seen proof of Hale being rejected only on political views. The person accepted was most likely more qualified.
I would love to donate to user 2 passport application
Make sure to go vote for who you want elected.  America is made from immigrants, you included unless you are native American.
There is no place for use of this language denigrating woman and an entire religion.
I've never heard anyone compare a religion to bunch of sticks
Your statement on Jews is not correct, try some research to get the facts right when you are trying to classify an entire group of people.
The use of this word is no longer acceptable in conversation--it is course and offensive to the max.
There's no need for name calling. That's an offensive word for gay men and there's no place for that here.
Please avoid the rank language and instead use speech that more amiable.
They hope to provide a loving home for disadvantaged children, so certainly not deserving of negative opinions.
Your post is so offensive to both men and people of color. There's no need for slurs like that.
Please avoid the aversive language and use terms that are more dignifying.
The N-word needs to go away already. Don't use it here - or anywhere!
The words you say are loathsome so please avoid using them.
Cigarettes are more enjoyable when consumed slowly
Dude, that's really uncool. Anti-semetic and anti-gay comments really have no place in the world, online or off.
Please keep a cap on the abusive language.
Not sure how someones sexuality is relevant in their admiration of a religious group
There's no need to use the C-word, just because she's a woman you don't like. It's uncalled for.
Please don't use obnoxious language but instead find words that are less abrasive.
Hilary is an innovative politician with many ideas of her own
That is how you lower yourself below those you insult.
Your comment doesn't need to have racial label.
With nothing relevant to write, better not comment at all.
Using that word only puts you lower than him.
You haven't really wrote anything there, and just spew insults.
There are no ugly women just bad men.
Calm down man, she is not in to you
I would contact support for more help.
It could have been anyone
"Twat" as used here is an offensive term and should be avoided
I do believe all religions share some basic tenets and we should focus on those.
We are all siblings and not so different from each other, take it easy
Use of the "n word" and "cunt" here are each offensive, unnecessary and should be avoided in this forum.
I have four kittens and five older kittens.
Maybe they just need a little bit of help and attention
We are all slaves. No one is free.
it looks like you have never been friend of a black man, a guy just like you and I
Use of the "n word" and "kike" are each offensive, unnecessary and should be avoided in this forum.
I'm guessing the others aren't really the problem, but it's the person using female anatomy and sexual orientation as slurs.
Youtube is such a great place to express yourself.
Don't use that word to describe people, its homophobic
I think it's not him but the person using a disability as an insult that has the intelligence deficiency.
I think we could use more natural criticism than making fun of challenged people.
Don't use that word to describe people, its offensive to the mentally challenged
You must be unaware that you are in a line-up for ignorant racists.
Perhaps you cannot see through the line because you need to allow more light into your life first.
Don't say that, its racist
Let's all give each other a dictionary, so we can look up the definitions for human and equality.
It is awful to spend all that postage money, but hand delivery is best.
That's horribly racist and antisemetic, stop
Can't really pay attention to your opinion if you think racial slurs are okay.
The answer is obvious. Otherwise America wouldn't have such an immigration issue.
Hard to take you seriously when you use ableist slurs to make a point.
I agree lets just have a conversation without the negativity and see where it goes. I bet it's a positive outcome.
Racial slurs don't really add to the discussion.
I loved Phil Robertson and if he did adopt than I love him more!
Can't take you seriously when you use homophobic slurs.
Wow. I am really glad my kids are almost out of high school and homeschooled!
"Faggot" is an offensive term as used here and muddies any point you are trying to make.
There's really no point in using homophobic slurs.
Even in our free country, I don't think anyone is ever truly free.
It's hard to take you seriously when it seems you're talking about a new porn account. Try different language.
If you use the same language here as you do there, I'm not surprised.
You really shouldn't specifically point out race if you have a problem with someone or something!
It seems you hate the lady parts. Guess you prefer dudes.
Wow! That was harsh! I imagine you're both against rape!
You really shouldn't use the "N" word in when you speak even if you don't think you're being insulting it's not nice!
People lose their jobs for that level of racism. Choose your words more carefully.
I don't support assault either, but no need for the racial slurs.
It's not nice to use sexist language in your posts!
That word reveals a fear of women, as harsh insults usually do. Try something else. Hide your fear better.
Hate filled people like you are exactly who people like her fear.
Using the most vulgar word in the English language takes away from the point you are trying to make, which is otherwise valid.
Hey I appreciate your disagreement with her, but there is no need for that much extremism.
It is hard to take you seriously when you use offensive language, without it people will be more likely to listen to you.
Hey can't you see they aren't your enemy, but your friend.
You can not like certain people if you want, but calling them names makes you not very likable as well.
Use of the slur here to insult muslims is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive and hateful.
Stop using political choices and medical conditions as insults.
Please consider your word choice and stop the scathing words.
Please be more unsparing with your words and use kindness.
Stop bashing gender,medical conditions and religious choices.
The words you use are caustic so please use warmer words.
Use of the insulting word here is totally unacceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans women.
Stop gender based insults.
I ask that you rethink your comments and find less painful words to express your thoughts.
Yalls language completely reiterates the racial problems still rampant in the US. Grow up, people aren't cookie cutters. We are snowflakes!
so you want him full bor half better
Anger can be expressed intelligently.
Just because someone is country doesn't make them a Rouge extremist. It could just as easily be a stressed businessman or a housewife.
what makes you a red neck?
You can use other words to describe backwards people.
Your language is deplorable. Try stating facts without all the rhetoric and abusive words.
Is that so
No one needs to hear this type of language. Keep it clean.
Disgusting, people need to look within themselves and think before they speak.
memes are funny no matter what
You need to express yourselves differently. Try proper English.
Please refrain from using faggot. It could be offensive to some people.
Stop using sexual slurs!
Using a homophobic slur isn't adding any content to this discussion.
Soy drinking leftists are human too.Please refrain from using that language.
Using ableist slurs makes it hard to listen to what you have to say.
Free speech doesnt give you the right to be mean to people.
Stop defaming people for their sexual choices.
Using homophobic slurs doesn't add anything to your post.
Please dont assume this mans sexuality. But you are also using it as an insult.
Stop using sexual defamatory remarks.
Homophobic slurs are not adding anything to anything you have to say.
Please refrain from using the word faggot
Insulting people with homophobic slurs isn't really adding any real commentary to anything.
You should clean your mouth.
Lets try and hold back from attacking someone's character, it doesn't appear to be necessary.
She's a bit dirty, but that's kind of extreme.
Not very creative.
Lets try and hold back from attacking someone's character, there are many different ways that we can get points across.
Racism is apparently alive and well, here.
I hope y'all got that out of your system.
There are many different ways to get points across rather than attacking someones character. Let us remember that we are all people
You have literally offended every variety of person in here in one sentence.
Using racial slurs makes you look so cool.
I don't even know what that means. If you're going to insult people, atleast do it so they can understand.
Just calm down, dude.
This thread is so full of speech, I can't even understand the discussion.
You should think of more intelligent ways to make your argument.
Yeah, that'll show em'!
Don't bash other people's race or country. If you look around at your surroundings the U.S is nowhere near perfect to speak on others.
It's really hard to take you seriously when you use that word.
Writing in caps doesn't make this argument make any more sense
Whatever he did, it doesn't need to be described using a word so offensive to women.
Words like that make me not want to listen to any other point you make.
You guys are so obsessed with Hilary it's ridiculous
We might not agree on political views but the least we can do is not call one another the "C" word.
You should find other ways to make an argument besides using insults.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this
You can certainly make your point across without calling people "stupid" a million different ways, you know?
That is not a very Christian thing to say.
Lol you spelled eyed wrong
How can you bring up an advantage about someone and Christianity when YOU, yourself, do not even use the language of a Christian?
I agree the BBC may not be the best, why not switch to another network who does not make such silly mistakes e.g. Sky
Your discriminatory language is hurtful and uncalled for. Please be considerate of others who may hear you.
It would be wonderful if they would marry a black person into the royal family. Furthermore, that term is theirs, not yours.
Please there is no need for this language, I get it you hate this guy that is fine and you have made it clar
That is quite disrespectful and hurtful. Your vulgarity is unnecessary. Please keep the profanity to yourself.
Justice has been served, also they have commited fraud not a whole religion, no need to hate muslims over one guys crime
Racist and discriminatory language is very offensive. There are much better ways to express yourself.
And you need proper grammar, and to stop condemning people based on their ethnicity, race, or religion.
There are bad people all over the world, Islam is not to blame but instead the people who committ crimes
This racist and threatening language is offensive and scary.
West Point hired that individual because they were the most qualified person for the position. Such slurs are unwarranted.
Why not voice our opinions like 'normal folk' so far we are just creating more hate
Name calling and prejudice is disrespectful and unnecessarily aggressive.
Both of you need to stop disrespecting women. Slang for vagina is not an appropriate insult. Furthermore, neither is the Jewish ethnicity.
Language that denigrates someone on the basis of gender is not ok.
Don't use that word to describe disabled people, also that's antisemetic
Use of the r-word here is totally unacceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans folks with mental disabilities.
Language that insults someone because of an intellectual deficit is not ok.
Don't use that word to describe disabled people or women
Insults based on gender or intellectual ability are not ok.
Don't use language like that, its homophobic and islamaphobic
Insulting someone based on their religion or sexual orientation is hurtful and not ok.
Don't use that word to describe people, its a racial slur
Using words that insult someone based on their race is unacceptable.
I don't appreciate using that word in conversation.
These criminals should be held accountable.  Their race should not matter and we should not give them the satisfaction of hate.
Being a liberal does not automatically make someone stupid.
Canada is such an amazing, inclusive place.  They should be awarded a Nobel Peace Prize for saving her and allowing everyone to vote.
You shouldn't use those terms to refer to her.
Let's be positive in our thoughts and be role models for her..  We have this opportunity to show her how positivity is better than hate.
Those aren't words that we use in polite conversation.
I rather appreciate her discussion and like that she is bringing her opinion in a positive way.  We should all give our ideas positively.
Using the word "faggot" is offensive, inappropriate and hate speech. It will be reported.
It's not nice to use homophobic slurs!
Using words like deviant and dyke in this context is offensive and hateful and will be reported.
I find it offensive when you use sexist language, could you please stop?
I find the use of that word offensive, you a basicall using the N word!
Use of the word "nigger" is offensive, hateful, and inappropriate and will be reported.
I find it so offensive to use homophobic and racist speech could you please not do that?
Using words like "nigger" is offensive, inappropriate, and hate speech. This will be reported.
Your use of the N word is spreading hatred. Do you really feel the need to do that?
This man is not representative of all black people, and still does not deserve to be called by slurs. Neither do the jewish.
The word choice you have used is racist and not necessary. You need to use less hateful language.
It's horrible that something like this happened, I think using racial slurs is inappropriate in this context, however.
First of all, there's nothing wrong with not having intelligence. Stop enforcing normative societal standards.
The word choice you have used isn't necessary and is offensive to an entire community. You need to refrain from using such hateful language.
You can disagree with people and their opinions, maybe just block them without saying anything.
Unless you are English and mean cigarettes, I'm afraid I'm going to have to report you to a mod.
The word choice you have used is offensive and is not necessary in any context, ever.
Calling people names comes off as childish, and unless you know the other person it's not good to judge.
There is nothing wrong with being intellectually disabled, however in this case I believe it's slander.
The word choice you have used is extremely offensive to an entire community, and goes beyond just the persons you are referring to.
I am against censoring speech, but using hateful words doesn't help anyone.
Thank you for recognizing that. Maybe a different word next time?
Yeah, some words are probably best left out of the conversation
Terrible! Try to use less offensive language please.
Use of the N-word is unacceptable and shows overt racism.
Labels like that can hurt good people, remember... and don't help in any thread
Do not use language that offends people.
The term you use is an unacceptable affront to persons that are homosexual.
Labels like that hurt lots of good people, and are so easy to use, right? Try to refrain
You are showing your ignorance by using that language. Be better then them.
Flinging hurtful generalizations around doesn't help any thread
Try to be an adult and not use offensive language.
You are trying to make fun of a person based on their religious beliefs and that is just unacceptable.
Generalizing labels hurt individuals, remember. Probably not worth the weak chuckle
calling people dicks and faggots is an insult to both their gender and sexual orientation
I think there are better ways to communicate than insulting one's sexual orientation.
the use of the words faggot and nigger is offensive to black people and homosexuals. Its a direct attack to their race and their sexuality
Racism is never an acceptable way to respond!
The use of abusive language such as faggot child molester is a direct attack one's sexual orientation.
The use of the word 'retard' is offensive to people with mental disability
"Retard" is a very hurtful word against those with disabilities.
its inappropriate to use the words fag and faggot since they attack one's sexual orientation
It is never okay to tell someone to kill themselves.  "Faggot" is also offensive to the LGBTQ community.
There's no reason to use racial slurs.
Both the "n word" and "spic" are demeaning and offensive and so do not belong in intelligent commentary.
That is 100% not appropriate.  I can tell you feel upset and defensive but racism is blatant here.
Nobody's gonna take you seriously when you use ableist language like that.
"Retarded" as used here may cause offence to  the mentally disabled and their families.
While I certainly understand the anger towards the media, it makes you look on the same level as that same media when you use such words.
Can't take you seriously with your constant use of racist/ableist slurs.
This is hate speech targeting people on the basis of their religion (Judaism). To deny the holocaust ever happened adds more hate.
While I understand nothing I say will change your hate, this entire conversation should be made available to the public. Racism is alive.
I don't know why you see any reason to use racial slurs to contribute to this conversation.
By using those horrible words, you are 100% never going to get anywhere trying to change the world.  Change yourself first.
Using homophobic slurs doesn't make you sound intelligent.
I understand that this may be written by young kids trolling each other, but your language is unacceptable and embarrassing.
You know folks, if we used less vulgar and labeling words, we could share these insights in an opinion piece for our newsletter.
xenophobic  slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
When you get all fired up like that. user 2, your analysis is hard to take seriously.
Developing another's caption doesn't make you a thief there.
Racist jokes are hurtful and derogatory. Please be considerate of others when posting
I am hearing a real fear that lies behind your words.
Your analysis seems simplistic to me. In blaming the programmers, you dismiss even the possibility of changing course.
Interracial couples doesn't drop a person's IQ. I cannot wait for the interracial kids to grow up and be smarter than all of us.
Consensual sex between two adults is no one's business.
Being in a picture doesn't mean anything. A person could of been walking by or jumped in the photo last minute.
Peter has relatives on the internet who participate in the same, apparently.
The media was created to brainwash people regardless of any race or religion someone practices.
I do not see a Muslim or Jew problem. I merely see a lack of education problem.
The Trump train was going full steam but lately it's slowing down.
Being half ignorant and commenting as such really discounts the MAGA crowd. I think we have found a bot, fellas.
I am not sure what that evens means.
A dictionary is nothing but a dictionary if never touched. *rainbow* The more you know!
If you absolutely must use language and insult someone then use a less rude word.
Using the word "faggot" is offensive and inappropriate and will be reported.
This does not pertain to the subject of discussion. Please keep all comments topic related. Thank you!
It would be best to do research and look beyond your own beliefs and echo chamber. Remember that you would not want to be treated this way.
These comments are offensive, inappropriate and indecent and will be reported.
If we all know so much about this topic and are such intellectual people we should not be using some of this language.
Your basic beliefs are wrong, so you should look into the basic facts as well as the ideas of those you disagree with.
The day of the rope is a racist metaphor and qualifies as hate speech. It is offensive and inappropriate and will be reported.
You are talking about conspiracy theories. Look into the case and other resources about it.
The word "twat" is offensive and inappropriate and is hate language. This will be reported.
Please explain your point. I don't understand it under the racial slurs.
Just spewing offensive slurs isn't adding to the discussion.
Yeah, but you hate everyone including yourself.
I didn't realize African Americans are good at bowling! Who knew!
Sad you think using racial slurs is funny.
I don't know, James Holmes might disagree.
You should probably think before you type. This post makes you look ignorant.
Being racist and ableist doesn't really help get any point you're trying to make across.
Dude, no one cares about your cherry picking. You either like black people or you don't.
I can tell you lack basic understanding of other religions. Perhaps you should study them before making fun of their followers.
Using racial slurs isn't a good way to get any point across.
I'd love to see the "reputable" sources that prove you're correct.
From your hash tags, it seems like you hate pretty much everyone who isn't just like you.
Don't really see how homophobic slurs are really adding to the discussion.
Lol as if you wouldn't hate Kanye if he wasn't as delusional about Trump as you are. A bigot is a bigot.
not standing up for your race does not make you a "faggot"
These concerns are valid, but lets keep this conversation civil and to one subject.
Just because people are different races doesn't mean they can't live together.
We shouldn't attack people in such away based on thier own opinions.
Powell is an accomplished general. There are a lot of things you can say about him, but he's anything but dumb. Keep the arguments on facts
Name calling someone just because you disagree doesn't change anything.
I don't think you even know what that means. Read a dictionary.
There are plenty more creative insults for Owen Jones that doesn't insult other groups of people. Lets use those instead.
Name calling someone just because you disagree with their views doesn't help anyone.
Stop arguing about something that isn't even real
These are very unchristian words. And those scammers aren't true Christians. I think we can all agree on that.
Just because someone like the same sex, doesn't make them a bad person.
Please do not use such words to describe the British. Hostility is a personal characteristic.
You need to keep the language down.
I agree with you that each person owns their body. So it's not yours to comment on.
Nature is an hierarchy, but we live in modern times where change happens often and fast. Don't use vulgar words to express my identity.
You had a good argument til the use of the vile language. Try again.
Superiority over someone is human nature, including you trying to feel superior over these groups. We all strive to be the best.
There is no need to fight and create a huge scene online, take your argument to the gym or something.
Your language does not show your intelligence. Try to speak like an adult.
Executive orders don't jive with democracy by the people, for the people. It's not Trump's call to make.
Judges are very wise and sworn in under oath to protect the people in our country and starting WW3 isn't going to help flag burners.
Try to use different words to get your point across about the judge.
Thanks for the enlightened argument! Some very good points made.
Don't use that word to describe me, it is a disrespect to the mentally challenged. I will figure it out but I'd advise you get some help.
You showing your ignorance by your word choice.
I can't even wade through that ignorant swamp thought to ascertain what you are trying to say. Try again but turn the racist volume down.
Your post is so full of horrible words I do not even know what it is about
Please refrain from using the word nigger here,
As much as men chase that part of the female body, it's surprising that they use it so negatively.
You could have made the same post with a different word
Please refrain from using the word twat.
I know you feel rejected but that doesn't mean there is something wrong with her - no need for name calling!
This is not making a good conversation. You should try to use calmer language.
You two really should be nice to each other if you want to have an intellectual conversation
Aside from being incoherent, I doubt you can say that a different way without being insulting toward women.
This post does not even make sense because you are so busy trying to call names.
I doubt mental giants like you that resort to racial slurs and making fun of the disabled would even remotely know what to do.
Try to do research as your claims are not correct
Please respect all religions. These people are human just like us.
Judging someone for their religion or using their religion is very unfair.
Deriding term used for an entire religion is not acceptable.
Wow! The racial slurs are n't necessary and have nothing to do with the story!
Judging someone based on their color is unfair.
This took a wrong turn quickly. That's an insult to everyone in the south.
Cunt is a dirty word to use towards a woman.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable in any communication.
I agree with the sentiment, but not your hateful description.
Saying woman are retarded is very explicit, retard is a strong word to use.
Calling an entire section of woman that offends people with mental issues as well as woman and is wrong.
Don't be so quick to judge, this may be a very strategic move on the part of those women!
Using retard to make someone look lower is pointless, retard is a strong word to use.
I disagree with it too, but your comment mocks a real medical condition and isn't necessary.
Use of the hate-filled slurs here is totally unacceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans the other.
Calm down and let's try to have a civilized discussion. No name calling or racist remarks are necessary.
there are so many different words that can be used in these times, maybe buy a dictionary
Racist or anti-LBGT rhetoric is not necessary in this conversation.
so many lives were lost as of bein a jew why would you use this?
Racist remarks aren't necessary here. That was out of line.
you where doing so good and then you just lost yourself
Use of the racist slur here is totally unacceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans Mexicans.
Using racist terms to describe Beto O'Rourkes supporters is not necessary. Just say that you don't like him and move on.
the term "wetback" is a term that means nothing more than someone with a wetback from working so hard, i would take it as a compliment
Lots of writing, but still pretty shallow knowledge on world religions.
There are more adult ways of expressing anger. Using racial slurs is a no-go and makes it hard to take your argument seriously. Try harder.
One racist does not excuse another. Try to be less childish when wanting to express your bitterness and hatred.
Ordinary racism, boring.
Refrain from using racial slurs to insult. It portrays you as ignorant and childish. There are better ways to express your anger in words.
Avoid using 'retard' to insult. It's slanderous and offensive to the mentally disabled to be compared to someone of dislike.
Avoid using 'retard' to insult. It's slanderous and an insult for the mentally disabled to be compared to someone of dislike.
xenophobic comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
How would you feel if someone were talking to you this way? Do you think this is appropriate?
Your not worth my time
The racism and bigotry is unbelievable. It's so uncalled for and hurtful. Please keep it to yourself.
You should call someone such names. A person's sexual preference is their business and you have no right to call someone names for it
You have to admit he is a great soccer player.
The discriminatory language is hurtful and offensive. Someone could be quite hurt by your words. There are better ways to express yourself.
That is really rude. Definitely inappropriate. You should think before you use words to degrade someone like that!
Your name calling is hurtful and discriminatory. You don't have to be so disrespectful in expressing your opinion.
What it necessary to call someone a name like that?
There are better ways to express that you are upset than by name calling.
It is okay to voice your opinions but why did you have to include hate to get your point across? Not needed
We can express ourselves without hurtful and discriminatory language. It's unnecessary.
It's never okay to use homophobic slurs.
Lets try and hold back from attacking someone's character, others may find it offensive
I think being homosexual has nothing to do with how entertaining a TV show is , it has more to do with his personality and not sexuality
Homophobic slurs aren't really adding to the discussion.
Everyone has a right to their sexual orientation , most gay people are judged even without knowing them personally
I don't really see the point in using ableist slurs.
Lets try and hold back from attacking someone's character that others find offensive
public figures are a refection of the choices of the people
By saying all Jews and all Democrats you are promoting hate speech yourself, take a deep look at your words and actions.
Racism, sexism, homophobia, or any language that degrades a person.
First, its wrong to use stereotypes against Jews. second, using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally ill
the words used in the post are homophobic
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to both the listener and the female gender
Its ok if you think that and have your opinion but you are insulting not only comedians but also many people.
using the words 'retard or retards' is similar to mocking and alienating the mentally disabled
The language is wrong and so is this racist attitude, you are entitled to your opinion but shouldnt offend others while expressing it.
using the words 'nigger and sodomite' is racist and homophobic
Stop calling Democrats names!
Wow. You're just a fountain of hate.
It doesn't make sense to hate on a whole religion just because of the actions of few.
Quit using derogatory names on women.
It seems you attract the qualities that you seem to be unable to describe in a non-offensive manner.
Name calling someone you dislike isn't going to solve anything.
Do not bully people with sexual or medical slurs.
A psychologist would likely have you examine your own sexuality because of the derision with which you attack homosexuality.
Just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they deserve to be put down.
Stop spouting racial and religious slurs!
Hating other religions and races in one sentence. You must live a small sad life.
Just because someone has a different color of skin doesn't mean they are a bad person.
Stop calling people names.
I can't imagine what a vagina ever did to you that made you use a slur like that.
Name calling someone you disagree with doesn't help solve anything.
As Gab may be ending, I suggest we take this as an opportunity to be kinder to one another.
Your hate may be why the site needs to shut down.
This language is not accepted, you will get banned if you keep on with it.
You may disagree with the left, but that doesn't make them worthy of insults. Furthermore, stop denouncing the gay community as slurs.
You absolutism prevents you from separating truth from fiction.
Your language and disrespect for others will not be tolerated.
That Anglican priest may or may not be gay, but in any case their sexual orientation is none of your business.
A person's sexual orientation does not make their opinions good or bad.
There is something wrong with you, nobody has offended you so you shouldnt mess with others.
There's nothing wrong with being a socialist, or intellectually disabled. Millenials are bad off because the baby boomers ate all the money.
None will hear your opinion when you use offensive language.
You'd have to be significantly impaired to look at our current system and see it as left-leaning. There's nothing wrong with being disabled.
There are no facts in your comment.
If you want to express your opinions that is ok, but when you offend others and use improper language then its not.
There is no reason or added bonus to your discussion by using that language.
What are you even trying to say dude?
stop slamming gender.
No one will benefit or even listen to you when you use these words.
Can you not dude, you just sound hateful and spite full.
stop insulting gender!
Your argument it hard to follow largely due to these words and it is factually wrong.
I mean everything said here is factually wrong. But lets not insight violence over it.
Stop with the racist remarks and mocking medical conditions.
Calling this person names does nothing. You are not contributing to the conversation.
How do you even believe this stuff?
stop bashing a persons' sexuality!
This is mean. I do not even know what you mean, and as an American I have never even heard that phrase.
Really, really tha'ts all you can say?
Stop with the racism!
Please refrain from using terms like retard, try idiot
People with a mental disability cannot help the way they are.
You are free to comment on political topics, but keep your sexist labels out of it.
Can we not refer to people like this, like there are otherwise to insult people without bringing in hate speech.
labeling someone with a gay slur does not help the conversation, just makes people mad.
Leave out "Jew discussion" out of this topic. It has no place here.
I honestly don´t even know where to begin with any of this, are you people ok?
Gay slurs do not help the level of this chat one bit;  let's keep this clean.
Lets stick to the technical term, and not the hate speech slang shall we?
And  anyone who uses the term "faggot" has security or daddy issues.  Keep it clean.
Just because you disagree with something doesn't mean it's okay to use a term that puts down disabled people.
Offensive terms like 'retarded' are not acceptable here; please stop using those terms as it isn't conducive to civil conversation.
The course slurs here demean our discourse. Not acceptable.
Just people someone is different than you doesn't mean they are less than you.
Terms like 'Faggot' and 'Niggers' aren't civil and should not be used here whatsoever. Please refrain from using those terms.
Use of the n-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans blacks.
Just because someone is a different race than you doesn't mean they are a bad person.
Terms like 'niggers' aren't allowed here and are not civil terms. Please stop it. Both of you.
Terms like 'nigger' are blatantly racist and shouldn't be used here at all. Stop it please.
Using a derogatory term against women isn't going to solve your problems.
You seem to be doing the same thing.
Homosexuality is not a negative trait. That slur is deeply hurtful to those that have been oppressed for their sexuality.
Football season starts soon I think.
Using mental disability as an insult furthers the stigma against those with mental issues as well as weakening your point.
Just have an intelligent conversation. No name calling.
Happiness is a choice.
Remain civil and please consider why you believe homosexuality and femininity as negative traits.
This person does not deserve the hate.
However you treat a woman is what you get back.
If you wouldn't want someone calling your mother a word like this, don't use it against any one else even in a disagreement.
No need to react like that.
Sheep are useful as well as fascinating.
Using this sort of offensive language makes you no better than your supposed opposition.
No need to namecall those who think differently than you.
Your ideas are completely racial, and have no place here.
Using the n-word is offensive
litter box ok never heard that one before
There is no place for such racial hate spewing you are doing here.
That's antisemetic and offensive
Im lost on the point of the topic? When you do so much describoing words such as you have lose the train of thought on the topic
Reducing your comment to ordinary racial hate just points out you have nothing smart to say.
That's both homophobic and racist
CAn we dicuss the topicinstead of caling names no benefit it all of that
Ordinary racism, has no place here.
That's homophobic and racist
The bible and God  let Prostitutes and families live over the no opposing
As much as your history knowledge is appreciated, you should avoid racial labels.
Don't say such racist and antisemetic things
everyone gives everyone a nickname based on religion or skin color or whats next
Its inappropriate to compare blacks to dogs and also refer them as niggas. Refrain from racist comments and posts
Stereotyping a whole race based on a few incidences is not solving anything.
Please guard your language and avoid the hateful comments.
Its racist to use the word 'Nigga'. Its a direct attack to a person based on their ethnic background
Name calling someone based on their race does not make you look good.
Please avoid the offensive words and start sharing comments that are edifying.
The word 'faggot' is offensive and homophobic as its a direct attack to people based on their sexual orientation
Liking a person of the same sex does not make them a bad person.
The language you use is inappropriate so please consider using comments that are kinder.
Using 'hardcore bull dyke' is inappropriate, offensive, and homophobic
Name calling someone that is different than you is not solving any problems.
Leave posts that are more gentle and less abrasive.
That comment is unrelated to the post.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation, which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service ​Agreement.
I won't continue this convo with you if you use that language.
There's no evidence that someone who disagrees is less intelligent.
That label is offensive to me. It is also unsubstantiated, so it calls into question the legitimacy of everything else you've written.
There's no data that shows that one ethnicity engages in rape.
I don't think your assertions are correct. My friends who are Muslim are very respectful of women.
There are no factual issues with helping the children of Nauru
Where his ancestors are from has nothing to do with his wanting to help those who are being resettled.
There isn't any evidence that people of Jewish decent have more diseases.
Your post uses speech that denigrates religion and disability,  which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
Don't say such horribly sexist things
Honestly $15 an hour is going to help a lot of people, but it's still not enough to live on your own.
Perhaps the reason why women are fighting so hard against the current regime is exactly because you have turned our bodies into hate.
That's a slur against disabled people you shouldn't use
If it happened in the UK than it will probably happen here. Take our guns and then our rights.
Your incompetence in choosing words that don't insult mentally disabled people render your arguments less valid.
Don't use that word, its a racial slur
Putting race aside. Even if a person has a low IQ it doesn't mean they don't deserve a chance at life or a job.
I highly doubt that your intelligence rivals his, as you are incapable of choosing a halfway intelligent term by which to refer to a human.
Guns are meant for protection only, not to threaten each other. People that do that without being any harm should be arrested.
You are implying they are weak women while hide behind your firearms (clap clap).
That's a horrible antisemetic remark and you should be ashamed
Oh yes Uncle Adolf thought he was some kind of expert on the Jewish religion.
I agree that there is a breadth of lexicon required to make a logical argument.
Let us not refer to others with hateful words
Hey the "f" word is a slur against gay people. Don't use it.
Certainly there are better ways to refer to people than with phrases that others find offensive
Don't use the "r" word, dude. I'm friends with a bunch of autistic people.
Lets try and hold back from attacking someone's character
The "n" word is offensive and I will not stand to hear it.
Lets try and hold back from attacking someone's character, regardless of who is right
Don't use the "r" word. Comparing terrible people to people with autism just isn't fair to the autistic people,
Hey, there's a lot of arguments going on here. Don't use slurs when you run out of insults to use.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race and/or disability, which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
It would be easier to understand what you're trying to say if you didn't use those types of slurs.
It should be more important to talk to the neighboring countries like Mexico to handle the crisis rather than whine about the migrants.
Let's get the terrible language to a minimum.
When you use those kind of words in invalidates your point.
I don't understand what his sexuality has to do with his argument.
Let's try to use more adult language in describing people.
It's difficult for me to have a discussion about this when you use such offensive language.
Well in general, the liberals tend to be better educated, so those teachers are doing something.
There are other words you could be using, Like stupid, dumb.
It reflects poorly on you when you use words like those.
You need to use a different word to show how intelligent you are.
Offensive language based on one's sexual orientation is not allowed. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
What's funny is you got triggered by a liberal, and possibly a gay one. Perhaps better language wouldn't make you look so sensitive.
Offensive language based on sex is not allowed. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
People only use such language about women that intimidate them. Don't use words that reveal your weaknesses.
Offensive language based on one's disabilities or sexual orientation is not allowed. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Even this learning disabled person know that people who use that word too much have 'secret fantasies'.
Homophobic language and language that mocks someones disability is not allowed.
Your language proves that they still have obstacles, people like you, keeping them from getting somewhere.
Use of the hateful speech here is totally unacceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans other people.
Don't stereotype race and don't generalise. Keeping to facts helps the discussion.
Don't show ignorance by condemning religious freedoms.
Use of the c-word and slurs here is totally unacceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans women.
Stop using filthy language.
This is a generalisation based on race, instead you could specify this music another way.
Stop with negative racial slurs.
Use of the slurs and hate here is totally unacceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans others.
These words are not bound by a certain religion and sexual orientation has nothing to do with it, you could skip them.
Stop using racial and sexual slurs.
Use of the racial slur here is totally unacceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans Mexicans.
This is a racial slur, you could rephrase this to specify a country or leave it altogether.
stop hating on people for their race.
Negative stereotyping based on race is harmful to both Asian and black communities. It is also not appropriate to use racial slurs.
Use of the N-word as you do here only shows off your hatred and ugliness.
Using racial slurs isn't really helping me understand what point you're trying to make.
Slurs based on sexual orientation are offensive hate speech.
Trying to demean a person by use of ugly slurs is offensive and shows you have no real argument.
Using misogynistic slurs isn't really helping people respect your point.
Slurs based on race and religion are offensive hate speech.
Your offensive use of slurs and hateful speech shows how afraid you are of others and how small you are.
Use of slurs based on sexual orientation is hate speech.
This hurtful slur is offensive as it tries to demean homosexuals-and there is no place for this in decent discourse.
Using an offensive term to describe someone you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems.
Please write your comments without using harmful words.
You are entitled to your opinion but those around you should not be subjected to your explicit and offensive language.
Using a term against people with disabilities is hurtful to the person that actually have mental disabilities.
The language you use is very sordid and damaging so please use more positive words.
Surely there is a nicer way to say that than using derogatory language.
Hating an entire race just because of the actions of a few people doesn't make any sense.
Please curb the hateful language and share your opinion in a more caring way.
Racism and profanity will not be tolerated. Please be respectable.
Name calling someone you don't like isn't going to solve your problems.
Eliminate the displeasing words and please find replacements that are gracious to others.
You are entitled to your opinion of Lara but I will not tolerate name calling and profanity.
Just because you disagree with something doesn't mean you should use a term that puts down disabled people.
I see that you are upset but please don't take it out on others with disabilities.
"Retard" is offensive and inappropriate. Please use respectable language.
There is better language to use to get your point across.
Just because someone likes the opposite sex doesn't make them less of a person.
I see no bovine or anything near a large body of water here, just an angry woman.
Please try to make your language comprehensible.
I have no idea what any of this means. Tossing in the C word only further confuses me.
Different language would be more impressive here.
Just because someone has a different opinion than you doesn't mean they're stupid.
Wow. That is a reach. Hey, my cousin has down syndrome and I find that term equally as offensive. Rephrase, please.
You do not look intelligent at all when you use this kind of language.
Just because people have different political opinions doesn't mean their views are negative.
Straight white Americans love Elton John. I'm one of them. :)
Use a different word to describe women.
By insulting this person, you are becoming no better than them.
The A Team has won the debate by having productive, civil dialogue. *ding ding!* (Don King enters with giant grin; TV cuts to commercial)
These terms are completely unacceptable.  Warning.
There's no reason to use racist and homophobic language.
It's a sign of low intelligence when you cannot separate personal preference with hate.
Please avoid this type of language. Many consider it offensive regardless of the context.
Using misogynistic language doesn't make you seem very intelligent.
I'm not certain of what your point even is, but I dare you to say it without insulting anyone.
This terminology is inappropriate and offensive.  Warning.
Can't take you seriously when you think it's okay to use racial slurs.
You obviously believe you are better than that man; however, you are resorting to low-level racial slurs.
Refrain from using the term "retard." Many consider it offensive regardless of the context.
Using ableist language is no way to get a point across.
It's impossible to ascertain your points here, as you are simply spouting slurs about mental abilities and reducing humans to body parts.
Please refrain from using the term "retard" it is considered offensive by many, regardless of the context.
Can't take your point seriously when you think it's okay to use ableist slurs.
It's tough to take the high ground when you are stooping to such ignorant name calling.
You need to use calmer words in your communication
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability, sex and gender, which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
its offensive to use the words 'retarded and twats' as they directly attack the mentally ill and women. Refrain from such words
Please talk with non offensive terms
the use of the word 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally ill
That word is socailly unacceptable
Refrain from using racist words such as nigger
Free speech is for all sides, not just people who are in agreement with you.
It is important to respect other people's sexual affiliation. calling gays 'fairy gay faggots' is disrespectful.
Your descriptions of "corrup [sic] piece of monkey excrement" do nothing to further your argument. Please rephrase in a more civil way.
Respect all genders regardless of their actions
That specific terminology is outdated, and now "black" is the more accepted racial terminology.
CNN should not classify people based on their skin colour. Negro is considered to be an offensive word or nae
The word retard is considered hate speech because it offends people with intellectual and developmental disabilities.
using the word 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to people with mental disabilities
Please be more respectful with the people you are talking to.
News comes in many forms, but to insult someone for choosing to support one group of news , is actually a coward thing to do. Think first.
The use of stereotypes to attack one's religious believes is wrong. again, using the word 'retarded' is an insult to the mentally ill
Please calm down. People are allowed to rely on experts, there is nothing wrong with that.
Reporting on the rights of woman under islam is not a easy thing to do, in this world, we all need to be equal and under islam they are not.
Using the word 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally ill
Please try to calm down and not judge people so fast.
Why do you feel you need to make Repulicans out to be the bad guy. The bad guys are the the one who show no equality.
its wrong to attack someone's sexual orientation. The word faggot is inappropriate
If you want other people to respect you, you should start by respecting other people.
I think what the PD means is to charge someone who carelessly drives with the intent of getting out no matter what...
The word 'nigger' might be offensive depending on the racial affiliation of the speaker. refrain from using the word
The word you used to describe the girlfriends is offensive, you should'nt use that word.
Why do you have to call the girlfriends a derogatory name. Maybe they are all in a agreement to be in a open relationship.
Although you are referring to yourself, please refrain from using such an offensive and degrading term
People are allowed to label themselves as they wish, but please be nicer to yourself and your ethnic group.
That is not a term that you should be using to describe a political figure or any other person. Please reconsider your words.
That's not really a proof that you know anything, expect to use sexist labels.
Yes, Hilary has female reproductive organs. I have to wonder what your point is- that all women are inherently bad, perhaps.
Please reconsider your language. It is understandable that you are upset but this is not the best way to convey your opinion.
Women have done nothing wrong related to this and do not deserve to be used as insults.
Please reconsider the terms that you have used. They are offensive to those who are both races and have received hate because of it
That reply just makes no sense, it's just your "intro" for racist comment.
The intellectually disabled and Black people are disappointed in you. You are not helping us build a better society.
You obviously have a very strong opinion about Feinstein, but please refrain from using such language and degrading terms
Calling people slurs based on what parts they have is immature.
The terms you have decided to use are insensitive, and you should rethink what you have just said. You are insulting an entire community.
Not to mention getting educated, am I right?
The language you used is so, so unnecessary. These are incredibly racist and homophobic views and you need to reevaluate your word choice.
The rest of the world should use Ireland as an example of a great country for helping people of different nationalities
People would take you more seriously if you articulate your ideas more soundly.
I love fixing meals at home for my family
Your kitchen can be whatever color you want it to be:)
Using this term is very offensive to the disabled community, and you should think before using this term again in random sentences.
I prefer Ice Cream, especially during the summer
I can't understand your point because of all the hate speech.
I don't understand what homosexuality has to do with him. There's no reason to be so offensive so unnecessarily.
Finding answer in "jewish conspiracy" makes no sense at all.
With that level of offensive language and over-generalizing going on here it's clear that the good guys are not here!
Only point of your reply is to throw racism on board.
It's sad that you can be so short sighted that in your hatred you don't realize how many good people you offend with your words.
"Retard," "retarded" and the "n-word" offend and target innocent people; the use of those terms never helps advance a rational argument.
Great. Let's offend all homosexuals and jews just because you're angry. What a mature way to deal with your emotions.
The "n word," "hos", "bitches" offend many, have no place in intelligent commentary.
There's no reason to offend an entire group of people just because you don't like rap culture. That's broad brushing.
The views expressed and homophobic and slanderous. Please try and keep the profanity down, it is not part of a useful conversation
Do not respond to hate speech with hate speech. Be the bigger person and respond with kindness
your comments are racist and do not reflect the values of most people. Please refrain so that others can enjoy this thread
The feelings you have and words you say are misplaced and incorrect. Evaluate what you are about to say before you post.
the use of derogatory terms isnt constructive to this conversation and can be offensive, please refrain and keep it clean
To use mental illness  as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Look more into the people and companies you are talking about. Looking at things from another's view is often educating.
The use of anti-semitic language is offensive to most. it does not contribute to the conversation and reflects poorly on you. Please refrain
Defining someone by their social class is one of the easiest ways to look stupid.
Instead of just posting an insult, give a thought provoking response to continue the conversation.
there is no need for racist and derogatory comments about woman. Please show some respect and refrain from that language
Do not call someone a name atall, especially if you do not know them. It does not add anything.
Your language makes you look stupid.
Stop sexual preference slamming.
You seem to be conflicted. That denigrating term would put off people who would be your allies.
It's a mistake to think that most Muslims are terrorists
Stop bashing Islam .
Most of them want all those same things to remain intact. Those you speak of are just the few of them who are just like you.
silly to go to homophobia here
Stop slamming sexual preferences.
Sexual orientation is irrelevant to one's character. Your use of slurs in an indication of your character.
you undercut your argument when you use racist terms
A majority of white people made those laws. It would seem the word you use to disparage actually makes black people superior to you.
your language reveals your education level
stop with the gender and political choice bashing!
You use that word for women who frighten you. Every time you use it, you reveal yourself to be frightened of women. Post reported for threat
Just because someone has a different opinion doesn't mean they are less than you.
Please stop the uncivil discussion and start using words that uplift.
Another word for the one you used? Stupid.
Please remove the aggressive speech and write something more clement.
Okay. Let's keep all that language to ourselves and express it just a little more adult like.
Just because someone dates the same sex doesn't mean they're not a good person.
Please exclude the discrediting words and initiate a conversation that is more altruistic.
There are other words to use. Try them out!
Just because people are different than you doesn't mean they deserve hate.
Please stop the scathing comments and start using words that are gentler.
Try to be a little more adult when expressing yourself. You were almost there!
Playing the blame game is not going to help with anything.
Please cease the insolent comments and begin using words that will lift the spirit.
This is not the way to express your anger, try to use adult language to get your point across.
It's nearly impossible to execute suggested actions; furthermore, the cerebrum does not reside within one's sex organs (males exclude).
Why take out your anger about costumes on someone a human
Please be more specific. Some who are fast in one area can be slower in others, such as grammar, empathy, etc.
Sad when someone feels the need to talk down about someone who has passed
I suggest you first call the Mental Health Services Treatment Referral Helpline @ 1-800-662-4357.
sticks and stones may break my bones but names will never hurt me
Speaking that seems as though you chose to keep it un peaceful
Open a physics text, and you'll learn that black absorbs all the colors of the rainbow.
The only thing that should be sorted by colors is laundry.
User 3 seems as you just don't how simple it is to speak nice about someone you don't agree with
Stuttering can be treated! Call The Stuttering Foundation of America's toll-free Hotline @ (800) 992-9392.
The world is filled with many wonderful people
It would be easier to make a statement that conveys your point not your anger
The " n word" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary.
That word is antiquated and reviled.
good thing there are not more people with your same opinion around here.
The "n word" is offensive and has no place here.
That word is antiquated and reviled. Your usage shows your ignorance
I don't think you know his family well enough to make a comment like that.
"C--t" as used here is an offensive term and should be avoided.
That word is derogatory and disparaging towards women.
sounds like you have been devastated by your own misguided hatred and fear.
Use of the "n word" and "faggot" are each offensive, unnecessary and should be avoided in this forum.
Those words are abhorrent. Both are ignorant and describe your own uninformed ego
well it beats the couch potato league that you are a charter member of,
Nothing is added to your meaning by including the offensive "n word."
That word is hateful and ignorant. In this, I am not surprised to see you using it
It could have been any race and the same thing would have happened that's what the justice system is all about.
Using that word gives them more power because it displays how they get to you. Use words that don't make you look afraid of them.
Calling Hispanics "Juans" is offensive and dehumanizing.
Sometime you should try seeing things from the perspective of a feminist. Try to understand their intent.
Language like that costs racists and bigots their jobs. I see you listed your employer on your profile...
Fag and n***** are extremely offensive slurs for those who are gay or Black. Please don't use either one.
If you feel so strongly about the justice system of Chapel Hill, why not run for high office to impose changes you are seeking?
Such hateful words for someone with better grammar than yourself. Using that sort of speech only shows you fear them.
Regardless of what this woman is done, it is not appropriate to call her a twat.
The shut down was because the members exposed their hatred, just as you have done with your language here. Blame yourself.
The c word is offensive and degrading to women.
Can't take you seriously when you use misogynistic language to make your point.
Do not use inappropriate sexual terms when talking about individuals.
Yet, your hashtag is used primarily by people who have extreme deluded views of the government.
Sad that you think homophobic slurs are contribution.
Please avoid using explicit sexual terms when posting
He was an extremely talented singer, regardless of your view on who he was attracted to.
Can't take you seriously when you constantly use offensive slurs.
Do not use hateful messages towards race.
Most people don't like racists. Consider that when you send out messages.
Hard to take your point seriously when you think it's okay to use misogynistic language.
Please do not use sexual name calling when voicing your opinions.
No better than those who homeschool their children and indoctrinate them with extremist views.
I don't see a point in using ableist slurs.
Do not use a medical condition as an insult towards others.
We do not tolerate that kind of language here
Do not use racial slurs in your posts
Use of the n-word and other slurs here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans non-whites.
We do not tolerate anti-Semitism or gendered slurs here.
Do not use religious slurs or vulgar sexual opinions of others.
Use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans all women.
Tranny is a transphobic slur and will not be tolerated, nor will faggot, which is homophobic.
Do not use sexual orientation as a vulgar slur
Use of this slur here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans homosexuals.
"Cunt" is a gendered slur and will not be tolerated here.
Avoid using vulgar slurs when voicing your opinions on political stances.
Racial slurs will not be tolerated here.
Do not use racist terms in your posts regarding others.
get rid of the whole convo and delete the users with penalties
Although you may shudder at some things, please use less revolting words to express that.
kick the user off the platform entirely
Please use some empathy and concern for others in your speech.
delete the entire convo and penalize the users
Please look at things in a different light and use words that are less degrading.
kick both users off the platform for life
Please consider words that don't express such hatred.
delete the convo and send out an email warning to both of the users
Innocent people are affected deeply by your words so please reassess how you say things.
I think I'll beware of you instead
I understand your anger, but there are less offensive words that you can use to express your anger towards a specific person.
"whigger" "race traitor" "queer" are all offensive, inappropriate and hate speech and will be reported.
thanks for the intelligent addition to the conversation
The word you used goes beyond just the person you were referring to! It is offensive to an entire community of people.
Use of the word "faggot" is offensive, inappropriate and demeaning. Hate speech will not be tolerated, but reported!
no need for idiot racist language, or repeating it even ironically
I know you are having an argument but the terms you are using are offensive to more than just the people involved here.
The words "nigger" "retarded" are offensive, inappropriate and hate speech and will be reported.
Referring to muslims as 'muzzies' is quite offensive and should not be used. You should refer to them without an offensive nickname.
The word "muzzie" is an ethnic slur, offensive, disrespectful and inappropriate hate speech and will be reported.
Disparaging someone based on sex or gender is not ok.
I'm sure you didn't mean to mock a serious medical condition.
Use other words for not being smart.
Insulting someone based on their gender is not ok.
I'm sure you agree this is a sad case, despite your description.
Men should not be labeled with words for women. Try another.
Language that disparages people based on their religion, gender or an intellectual deficit is hurtful and unacceptable.
This was a great discussion without the inappropriate comment mocking a medical condition.
Hate speech is not allowed. Keep the terrible language down.
Language that insults someone based on sexual orientation is hurtful and in bad taste.
It was going well until the unnecessary homophobic comment. You could have just muted him.
Let's talk to each other like adults.
I'm onboard with the loser paying to a charity!
Just because someone is a different race than you doesn't mean that they are less than you.
There is no reason to still be using such an unbelievably offensive term in 2019. You will never be half of the man he is.
American tourists in Mexico are not safe yet we still vacay there. I wonder if The Mexican Government will ever enforce their laws.
I'm sure you can express your viewpoint without stooping to using such offensive terminology.
This is why we can't have nice things. Remember: Hands, feet and objects to yourselves :)
Please stop using such a derogatory term for women just because you don't like a specific person. It's just unneccessary.
While I do not disagree with your points as they are valid (!) surely there is some way you can convey the same point w/o all the negative.
Gay men don’t generally need abortion clinics.
Seems like you are actively trying to offend as many groups of people as possible. It's time to grow up with your insults.
Please do not label Jewish as such.
You should be very proud of yourselves
I think it is time for us all to calm down. Calling names and throwing rocks is no way to deal with these very serious issues.
Only keep to the facts when speaking about gun control.
This is the 21st century, you have to move past the grade-school-level attempts at insulting the LGBTQIA+ community.
Alternative language and less hateful terminology should be use. I don't like it when others saying mean things.
It's not appropriate to use that word and I hope you know that the LGBT community has never done anything to deserve your use of that word.
I sense a great deal of sarcasm in that statement, which is a relief.
Everyone has the same right to be here, just calm down.
While some people feel that way, it's just tragic that in 2019 the hateful Americans are yet to see their follies. MAGA is not HATE.
The wonderful thing about our country is that everyone can have their own views.  We do not have to hate on each other.
I don't think that's accurate, and it shouldn't matter to you anyway how much hair he has or what his weight is.
I don't believe anyone wants to fight however, hearing more about your religion and food - Ah, the FOOD! - Would be nice :)
Stereotypes are just that, putting entire groups of people together based on them only shows hate.
Just because you don't agree with someone doesn't mean you can talk about them like that. People are allowed to disagree with you.
I'm not a fan of Elizabeth Warren myself however, I'd love to hear your valid points against her political policies.
There are patriotic democrates as well as republicans, talking hate talk like this takes away any credibility you may have.
That's a little offensive to those groups you are talking about, maybe we should talk about something else if you can't play nice.
Trump has no chance of reelection in 2020 if these accusations and demoralizing characterizations are allowed to continue.
Using the word "spic" pejoratively is offensive and shall not be permitted here.
I hope you don't have children who are learning your hate.
Attacking women is never ok!
Using the words "dyke" or "bitch" pejoratively is offensive and is not permitted here.
I'm surprised you know so much about her sex life and orientation!
I am having a hard time understanding your position underneath the hateful slurs.
That kind of language is disrespectful to women!
Your vocabulary must be limited if that's all you have to add.
You could have just said you don't agree with me.
There is no need for racist remarks.
There is no reason for you to ever use the "n" word. It's wrong and it makes you sound ignorant yourself.
I believe nationality has nothing to do with it, it all boils down to ignorance, and ignorance can be taught.
You are being both culturally and racially offensive. It doesn't ever do any good to place such broad categories over people.
It is the ignorance of the common people, not just of one set or type.
"Retarded" as used here is offensive and should be avoided.
You are being offensive to those on the political left and those who have mental health issues. Try to get your point across without that.
No ugliness needed here, I changed my mind when I realized the truth was out there, I just had to look.
This is the 21st century, you really need to grow with how you try to insult people. Homosexuality is not something to look down upon.
The lines are finely drawn when it comes to hate speech,  people are more aware now and censor such words.
I understand that you are trying to make a point, but it is understandable that you would be blocked for mocking those with mental illness.
there is nothing wrong with muslims or homosexuals.  you are demonizing others because you are scared of change.
We live in a big world; there's room for everybody.
I disagree with you, and this language is quite offensive.
Who are your heroes?
I would appreciate if we could mutually respect one another regardless of religion.
that is just downright rude. she had no choice in what her parents named her
White names are often, well, white bread.
I wish we could all be aware of how what we say affects one another
Unlikely. Dick White, maybe. Or Dick Black.
That word is not appropriate to use for an ex boyfriend.
Try to use a better response next time.
A comment consisting of nothing but a homophobic slur isn't really adding to the discussion.
Your response was less than articulate, as well.
Use proper English and you will do better.
Sad that you think using homophobic slurs makes your comment better.
No need to name call, just mute them and move on.
You really need to keep the hate speech down. Try being a little more PC.
Disgusting, racist comments like this are completely pointless and don't have any point.
Yet your response was both sick and violent!
Terrible language, you need to try a little harder.
Hateful, racist comments like don't add anything to any discussion.
So completely harsh and inappropriate!
I always wonder who these women are that support these female politicians because I've never met one in real life.
If you edit out the racist remarks you will have a solid agreement from me.
racist and derogatory language are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported
As a white person any corporation that is promoting a white identity is asking for problems. We're anticipated to be a silent majority.
There is nothing healthy and normal about using racist terminology or suggesting one become a racist.
Buying a lotto ticket is kinda tricky and requires some effort on my part. Plus, you can't win if you don't play. Maybe someday....
I can't believe it's 2019 and there's still people backward enough to insult an entire race with such an offensive term. People suck.
You shouldn't speak on things you don't have a clue about.
Hey, watch the words you use please. It's not only one person's fault
There's no reason to offend homosexuals because you disagree with the actions of one person.
You're no better than him if you use that kind of language about people.
You shouldn't use that word in such a public format, you never know who is reading these comments.
There are just no words to express how unacceptable your hateful words are. I hope one day you're half the man he was.
It's not wrong to have an unpopular opinion but you should base your opinions on facts
I can't even continue to read past the first part of your sentence, opinions like this should be kept to yourself
I would think that most gays are in fact happy
You just described the words using not offensive terms, so I'm not sure why you can't just use happy and kindling instead.
Very rude and unnecessary. How would you feel if someone were calling you those names?
A comment with nothing but derogatory language isn't contribution.
I see you have harsh feelings on the topic, but please avoid the insults to the innocent.
You did not have to use those hateful words in your reply. What is wrong with you
No reason for ableist slurs.
Please avoid the negative language as it is very damaging, and instead tell how you feel with more neighborly words.
You can express how you feel without all the hatred in your context. Retaliating with hate just makes the situation worse.
Please be more amiable with your words when expressing your grievances.
This is 2019! You really need to stop with all the hate. We are all the same on the inside. You need therapy
Can't take you seriously when you think it's okay to use homophobic slurs.
Please exhibit more restraint when expressing your opinion as the words you use are damaging to the guileless.
It is very difficult to take you serious because of your poor choice of words.
I don't understand your racial reference.
Please decrease the talk that is degrading.
it would be easier to make your point without usig words that will turn people away.
They should ban threats of violence while they're at it!
Please use different words to express your disgust.
Although you may have a very valid point, your choice of words is disheartening,
She's not that irrelevant if you guys are talking about her 30 years later.
Please use other language terms as these are very revolting.
This quotes would be much more interesting with a less offensive choice of words.
Hate is hate. A competition to decide which is more hateful is ridiculous.
Please show more tolerance with your words.
Using demeaning and unthoughtful language is not the best way to get your message across.
That took a graphic wrong turn. The article speaks for itself and the slurs weren't necessary.
Please use more agreeable words when expressing your concerns.
This debate was going well until foul language and racist words were used.
I would use the n-word even if it was a common thing. It symbolizes something awful and we should learn from the past not to use this word.
Ethnic slurs are offensive, please do not use them.
While you are expressing your feelings and we all hear you you are also using language that stops your true message dead in its tracks.
Your pro white agenda can go else where. No one appreciates it and your language tells me what kind of person you are.
Using words like "faggot" is very offensive and inappropriate.
There are many words in the English language to get your point across without doing what you have done here.
Completely pointless comment that doesn't need to exist. Who cares, he was an awful person who murdered millions of people.
Using the word "faggot" is offensive and inappropriate.
Whoa! There are many other ways to express your feelings without using racist remarks and name calling.
Since when has jungle and Asian ever been smart to mention together? You comment was offensive and I don't think you mother would be happy.
Ethnic slurs against Asians are offensive and inappropriate.
Both of you just do us all a favor, delete these hateful posts and don't ever do it again.
You comments makes believe that you lack average intelligence. Icreadbly
This language is hateful, offensive, and inappropriate. It will be reported.
being hung by your own tongue, which means if a crime happens that you have talked you can be found guilty because of what you've said
Offensive language based on sexual orientation and threats of violence are not allowed.
I can't even determine why you're so angry under all the hate speech.
i understand you are passionate about this issue but pretty sure it can be addressed in words that aren't so offensive
Offensive language based on race, and threats of violence are not allowed. Please refrain from this in the future.
So, I guess you're pro death penalty.
While I'm almost positive you are joking about the 10% causing an issue I think it might not seem very funny to some people
Your parents must be proud of how you describe them.
not sure if y'all are just goofing with the slurs but just thought I call it to your attention that some might be offended by it
Offensive language based on disabilities and sexual orientation is not allowed. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
It would be nice if I could read your post without a bunch of name calling!
where'd the bacon and eggs part of the conversation come, but I look at it like if someone doesn't like a food I like then more for me
I got the point without all the hate speech, you're obviously a meat eater!
It's a real shame that we cannot have an intelligent conversation without bringing in the offensive language.
Please refrain from using derogatory words in all future posts.
The term "faggot" when used pejoratively is offensive to many people and so should not be used in a political commentary.
It's fine to have your opinion, but there is no reason to use language like that to make your point.
Hate speech is a violation of our Terms Of Service, please ensure that all your future posts are free of such language.
Thanks for joining in the conversation.  Maybe you can lose the foul language and just state your opinion.
Please eliminate all derogatory language in future posts.
I hope you know that the foul language doesn't help to make your point any stronger.  Maybe you should just stick to the facts.
Derogatory language is prohibited, please refrain from using it in subsequent posts.
Using the term "c--t" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
There are some facts here that can be discussed, but they are getting lost in all of the name calling and racist talk.
Hate speech has been detected in your post. Any further use of derogatory or offensive words will result in account restrictions.
Whoa, User 2. That's a bit harsh, don't you think? What does that have to do with anything.
The use of racial slurs is off limits when posting.
User 1, you can get your point across without being racist and ableist.
Veto the use of vulgar racial slurs in response to posts.
Slow your roll, User 2. That's not necessary to use those kinds of insults.
Constrain yourself in using vulgar language when discussing sexual matters.
Pretty sure your racist ramblings totally invalidate your point.
Avoid using anti Semitic words and disabilities as a form to insult individuals.
Wow, way to steer the conversation directly into insane racism.
You should not use racist terms when voicing your opinion
This slur is unacceptable in our discussion because it is hurtful and offensive to gays.
Using homophobic slurs in your post is not nice!
Black people have a storied and rich history and you should respect that and not use racist slurs in your posts please!
Regardless of the context, the "n-word"  is such an offensive term it should be avoided.
This use of the slurs is unacceptable in our discussion because it is hurtful and offensive to the other.
It's not ok to specifically use religion or sexual preference when pointing people out! It is hurtful.
Direct attack on people based on religion is prohibited here, as is the pejorative use of the word "faggot."
This use of the n-word and hatred is unacceptable in our discussion because it is hurtful and offensive to blacks.
I ind your racist remarks incredibly offensive. Someday all of this hate will come back to you!
The term "nigger" (even as used here) may offend and a less pejorative word should replace it.
You should not use the "R" word in today's day and age, it is offensive to people with an intellectual disability.
"Retarded" used pejoratively here offends the mentally disabled and their families
It's hard to take your argument seriously when you use language like that.
Calling Kanye that makes you no better than CNN. You shouldn't use a racial slur like that when it sounds like you're defending him.
When you use slurs, it reflects poorly on you and the point you want to make.
Name calling and throwing slurs at each other does nothing but further the divide among people. It's not cool and makes it worse
The use of that word makes me not want to listen to your opinion.
Calling someone that just because of who they voted for isnt right. Just because you don't agree with them doesnt make them disabled.
Please be more thoughtful with your word choices.
Your argument would be much more convincing if you didn't use those types of slurs.
You can disprove her claims without throwing out insults that other women would be offended by as well. All you need is the facts.
The language you use evokes a lot of malice so please rethink your words.
It's difficult to understand your argument when you use a word like that.
I get that you're upset by that but you can get that point across without the slurs. Not everyone in the left committed that crime.
Please use words that are more well-meaning as these are harmful.
Using racial slurs doesn't help anyone get their point across.
Your attempt at ironic humor is in poor taste.
This doesn't sound like something we can talk about in a civilized manner, so how about we change the subject?
Threatening racially motivated attacks and using racial slurs are not a good way to get your point across.
You likely haven't made a true attempt at understanding cultures other than your own. So no surprise you remain ignorant.
Magic powder sounds fake, and you shouldn't use a molotov on anybody or really ever let alone just because you don't like somebody's color.
Using racial slurs doesn't make it any easier to understand your point.
You've both exhibited sexism and insensitivity towards the struggle of those with mental disabilities. It is shameful.
Using ableist slurs is ignorant and doesn't help further any point you're trying to make.
You shouldn't carelessly accuse others of having a mental disability because they don't agree with you.
Even if this is true, even if he was fired from his job, there are more creative things to call him that are far more insulting.
That's a racist accusation
Wishing harm on people you don't agree with doesn't solve any problems.
People of all colors are killed, You don't know how long he would have lived, Quit calling people derogatory names
That's offensive towards women
Name calling someone you disagree with is not going to solve any problems.
The view has beautiful and intelligent women.
Don't use that word to describe the mentally challenged
Don't pick on people's IQs
Even when you are angry you can use better language.
Please be constructive in discussion, and keep your sexist remarks for yourself.
Comment flagged as inappropriate and derogatory.
I realize you are angry. Let's try to keep the language coherent though.
This discussion is just a hate spam.
This language is offensive and wholly inappropriate. Users will be immediately removed from participating in this platform.
There are other words you could be using to get your point across.
This comment is being flagged as inappropriate and offensive.
There are better ways to express your disagreement. Find them.
Your complete attention to racism, and avoiding any on topic comment, has no place in this discussion.
Please refrain from using racist and offensive language or you will be promptly removed from this platform.
Talking politics is fine, Use different language to express yourselves.
Your view of American history is narrow minded, and your sort of platform for racism.
This language is foul and offensive and blatantly racist. Users will be booted from this conversation immediately.
Your rhetoric language needs to change. Try adult words.
We seriously need to watch our descriptions of people with opposing political beliefs if we're ever to be heard.
Keep your language civil. No need to be so aggressive in your speech.
A good sandwich is a good sandwich. She can be whatever she wants to be as long as the food is good!
There is no need for this kind of speech. Be a little less trivial in your descriptions of people.
TV has no shows that portray black people looting and being shot or even white people using the n word, kinda like real life.
The "n-word" is not appropriate here.
Stupid or Dumb would suffice in this conversation.
I agree 100% - They each do come up with some very ignorant things to say!
You are showing your ignorance with your language. Try to class it up.
Excellent example. We still have some work to do on vocabulary and adjectives though.
I'm sure that you can find a better and less offensive way to communicate your point of view.
The term you are using (retard) is offensive and derogatory and is no longer used in decent society.
I'm not sure what you mean by that, but it sounds really hateful.
You  seem like a very intelligient person. Im almost sure that you can find a better, less offensive way to express point of view.
The term used to describe a religion is completely offensive and inappropriate.
This is a thread about a hate crime that utilizes hate language. Doesn't make a lot of sense to me.
People of color or African American would be a better way to address that particular group of people.
Using language that derides people because of their ethnicity, religion or race shows blind hatred and makes your points ineffective.
Your hate towards anyone you don't agree with is alarming.
African American would be a less offensive and derogatory term to use in describing a race of people.
The slurs used just show blind and irrational hate.
I don't agree with her either, but that description is unnecessary.
It is never too late to expand your thinking and vocabulary.
Use of the N-word is simply unacceptable in any decent society.
Your message is lost when you use hate speech.  It gives people an excuse to ignore you.
The words you have said are very distressing, so please use different ones.
Rape is not related to a person's melanin content.  Rape is caused by rapists.
God knows where exactly do you get that statistic from, I guess any delusion will do just to fuel your racism.
I can see your pain, but please don't harm the innocent with your language.
It ends up in popular because of a complex algorithm that correlates views with popularity. And people seem to really like it.
I can understand you have some concerns, but please don't take them out on those who are not guilty.
Considering that he has more money that you or I will ever see in our lifetime, he can't be that dumb and his melanin content is moot.
Please use more uplifting words and you will accomplish a lot more.
You may demand, but because you don't know how to ask for things, all you can do is demand like a child.  with no satisfaction.
Words are very powerful, so please be more caring with them.
This language is inappropriate and should not be used in this platform.
You have used speech in a manner that disparages gender in violation of our hate speech policy.
The language and terms used here are racist and vehemently forbidden in this discussion.
You have used speech in a manner that disparages race in violation of our hate speech policy.
If you can't find anything to say about someone other than their appearance, you might as well keep it to yourself.
Please refrain from using racist and bigoted language in this platform. This comment will be reported.
You have used speech that disparages disability and race, which is in violation of our hate speech policy.
Try writing that without having to rely on appearance .
These terms are considered racist and are violations of appropriate language permitted in this platform.
You have used speech that disparages disability and/or race or both in violation of our hate speech policy.
Try writing something without having to rely on someone's appearance.
This comment is flagged as being offensive and inappropriate dialogue for this conversation.
You have used speech which disparages a disability in violation of our hate speech policy.
Remove the use of the racial slur N****** in the message.
A term used in this post has been deemed as hate speech.  This language racist and not acceptable at any time.
Can you handle writing a sentence without spewing hate nonsense, or is that too much?
Remove the racial slur k*** and consider your use of the word r*****
Multiple terms used in this post have been deemed as hate speech.  This type of language is not acceptable.
Remove the slur m***** directed at a religious group.
A term used in this post has been deemed as hate speech.  Religious slurs are not acceptable when using Gab..
How does this comment contribute to ANYTHING
Remove the racial slur N***** and do not direct insult towards a group based on race.
A term used in this post has been deemed as hate speech.  Racist slurs are not acceptable when using Gab..
What made you so hateful in your life?
If you skip one word you might get anyone to listen to you
We do not tolerate this kind of talk here.
Please understand that your words are hateful even if you are mad.
Racist and derogatory comments will not be tolerated, please refrian or you will be reported to Admin
Please do not classify other human beings like this
The words you say are damaging to others so please stop using them.
derogatory comments have no place in a discussion about a kids movie. Please refrain or you will be banned
This kind of word is not prohibited or accepted
If you dislike something, please use alternative words to express it.
racist comments have no impact on this discussion, Please refrain
A persons sexual preference is not a joke
Please understand that your statements are very painful to others and change them.
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs in this thread or you will be reported and banned
For all your eloquent turns of street lingo, the use of slurs for mental disabilities brings your own intelligence into question.
Banned, Banned, Banned. None of you are free from sin. No but seriously I'm reporting you to the mods.
People's disabilities shouldn't be compared to these people. That's low.
I tend to think that those who lower themselves to racial slurs are truly the ones equatable to  feces.
This just in: leftists don't exist and they don't read their own papers. Your comments make no sense, sir.
And your president who should have never been elected is a known sexual deviant and assaulter.
If you believe that all members of the Dem Party have a mental disability, then you need to spend more time you need to raise money to help!
Translation: look at me! I'm using the intellectually disabled as an insult because I have no spine or humanity!
I wouldn't being people's disabilities into this as if that's the problem.
The article NOWHERE mentions that the attacker was Muslim, which makes both you and your point ignorant.
That seems like a senseless loss of life.
Lol, you guys the ones going around saying that black people are the aggressive ones. The hypocrisy.
The very fact that you assumed he was a certain race and decided to use a slur shows your ignorance and that you should be censored.
Please don't feed the trolls. And if the mods get enough mail about this, they WILL start doing something. Therefore I'm reporting you.
I've never seen someone try so hard to incite rage and completely fail at it
Downgrading people is not a good way to express your opinion.
Please do not mislabel our former president's religion or call him offensive terms.  Both of these posts are threatening violence, not ok
racist and derogatory comments are offensive and don't reflect the views of most Americans. Please keep these comments to yourself
Derogatory comments are not needed here.
Do not insult gay people.
please keep homophobic slurs to yourself, they are offensive!!
Your anger can be expressed in a better way, Try different language.
Your post uses an unacceptable slur.
Please refrain from using racial slurs. they are offensive and will be reported if continued
Violent language is not needed. Try expressing your thoughts coherently.
Your post contains many unacceptable slurs toward black people.
the racist and derogatory views expressed here are offensive. Please discontinue or you will be reported to Admin
Name calling someone with different beliefs doesn't solve any problems.
The words you used have a lot of enmity so please show more feeling to others and you will get further.
just because someone likes the opposite sex doesn't mean they are a bad person.
Don't use that word to describe gay people
Please considering using words that are more uplifting and less degrading.
Just because someone has a different opinion than you doesn't mean yours is more valid.
Please understand that the words you use are very offensive and harmful to blameless people.
Name calling a person you don't like doesn't solve any problems.
Please guard the speech so it is not hateful.
Just because someone is a different race, doesn't make them less than you.
Don't use that word to describe people, its racist
Please show more dignity and respect with your words.
I think you can dislike a candidate without bringing their race into it, if what they did is true than focus on that.
Lets try and hold back from attacking someone's character, it doesn't appear to be necessary regardless of your views
One's race shouldnbe compared to as an animal. That is just so disturbing. People have a family and born from mothers. Have some sympathy
Your opinion is fine, but it's better to not generalize an entire group of people.
No need to call the entire country that for the governing authority's decision.some zens have no control over what that decide to cancel
Using a better choice of words will allow you to continue expressing your opinion without getting banned on other platforms.
What is the point of talking and using all that crazy language and name calling? Are we still in grade school kids?
I would use another word instead, not everyone with intellectual disabilities is necessarily dumb.
Lets try and hold back from attacking someone's character, everyone has the right to be themselves including you
Can you at least spell it correctly before calling other people names?
People would be more likely to respond to your question if you dropped the characteristics, let people respond based on their policies.
Why is the Jewish woman a Jewish woman yet a black woman is called the "n" word? Aren't we all humans?
That's one hell of the generalization. If you go buy it, most of countries would end up under dictator's boot.
Try using another word in replace of the R word.
Your insult spewing is completely off topic.
Your insult repeating leads only to conclusion you have nothing on topic to say. Better keep out of it then.
Don't use a bad word to get back at someone, especially one against women.  Don't use the R word.
Mindless insults, you ought to be banned.
Don't use a word that offends gay people.
Lets try and hold back from attacking someone's character, it doesn't appear to be necessary regardless of who is right
The language you used is indeed harsh and just completely unnecessary. You need to learn how to be more kinder and aware of your words.
It shouldn't be too harsh to comprehend why either of you are on the internet and not busy with your wives.
Using slurs against gay people is not ok.
The word choice you have used is incredibly offensive to the disabled community, and you should think about your word choices in the future.
Vice, finding a new low by alienating Conservative fans like myself. 
(Fixed that for you.)
The words you have used are not ideal for the conversation. You insulted a whole community of people as well as an entire religion.
I love Dave Chappelle! He highlights the absolute worst in all races and really unified all Americans through his comedy. A spade is a spade
Insulting someone because of their religion is not ok.
There is no point in using such harsh language! This makes you look insensitive and incredibly racist.
Way to highlight your own shortcomings. Surely there's an English teacher and a therapist on here that can help you.
Insulting someone because of their race is unacceptable.
I understand the context of what you were saying, but there was no reason to use such an offensive term. This hurts an entire community.
Point Numero Dos is lacking any substance. I was with ya there for the first part, but that second part ya lost me.
I can't decipher your argument though all the name calling.
Outstanding detail in that statement. You could easily fool me that you have some first hand knowledge of such. Fantasy fiction is so odd.
Do not use slurs to indicate you think someone is stupid.
No one has ever invaded our country, silly goose! We've been struck by Japan and terrorists, but never invaded.
Do not attack people with arbitrary and improvable ad hominems.
I don't agree with her either, but that's a bit extreme.
Rosie is not a Satanist. She's always struck me as more of a Secular Humanist. She was one of my fav's in the 80's and 90's.
I agree, he should be retiring soon given his age.
That's an insult to vaginas everywhere. Soros is just an old man trying to get into Heaven. Potentially an angel soon haha.
Be civil and do not name call. There has to be a more substantive response than that.
Wow! That took a wrong turn. The video speaks for itself without the hate speech.
Faggot is an offensive word and shouldnt be used to describe anyone. It is an insult to the homosexuals and therefore, refrain from using it
Encouraging violence is not exactly the proper method to convince swing voters.
Resorting to violence will not change what he is, nor labeling. If there are political issues you're complaining about, give them as such.
Use of stereotypes against Muslims and Jews is wrong. Also, its inappropriate to call an homosexual person a faggot
Y'all should get a room for a legit S & M session and get it allllll out. #GETaROOM!
Being pedophile has nothing to do with ethnicity.
Negro, Nigger, and Retard are offensive words since they attack people based on their skin colour and mental health
I cannot imagine life without the sweet, sweet influences of fried okra and Ray Charles. Even Bill Cosby pre-swan dive from grace.
Stop drowning yourself in outdated ideologies. Value of person has no connection with color of one.
That type of language fuels religious and racial hatred; please do not use it.
So much violence and hate, racism should never be allowed, your comments would make anyone sick.
Please do not use racist language; stereotyping all members of a particular group is wrong.
Wow that is really racist, hope you are proud of yourself.
Please do not use homophobic expressions.
The word faggot is really offensive you really shouldnt use it.
Using this language is offensive to large groups of people and unacceptable.
If you want to pick up a fight be direct with it. Deflecting to your opponent characteristics has no place here.
I do not think that is the way to get your point across.
You are just using this opportunity to see the world with your "racial glasses". This has nothing to do with race.
This is true but honestly we all need to stop doing this immature behavior.
This word is no longer acceptable in any conversation.
Socialism works in more ways than not.
This over-the-top rhetoric has no place in any decent society as it offends most reasonable people.
Crimes like that are connected with person, not ethnicity.
Hitler has nothing to do with the newest transgender movement.
There is no room for the insinuations that there is something wrong with a person's belief or mental ability as in this discussion.
Religious views are everyone's choice. No hate speech will change that, and certainly not call for arms you are proposing.
I will sit back and wait for all the false idols to crumble.
Race shouldn't have to do with crime. If someone is a bad person then they just are... You cannot generalize one race on crimes.
That's extreme oversimplification of religion.
Throwing racism into discussion, just proof you have no constructive comment on this topic.
I understand your arguments, but when you use words like those I focus more on them and less on your argument.
Would you like it if someone piss and shit on your ancestor's grave? Think about what you're saying before you say it.
Your ordinary racism and hate have no place in topic whatsoever.
Wow, you can totally make your point without dropping all that language.  It's really not appropriate at all.
Race does not have anything to do with crimes committed. Evil people will always do evil things. You cannot generalize race on actions.
You absolutely have no idea what are you writing about. Not only it's racist, but has no connection to topic.
Yeah, I get your point.  I don't care for Merkel either, but watch the language a bit.  I get what you're saying.
The N word is offensive. Please do not use it.
You using a sexuality race as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
Please do not make fun of one's sexual orientation.
Relax and try to release the hate and put forth a logical statement that doesn't make you look ignorant.
"Faggot" is a violently offensive term and muddies whatever point you are trying to make.
I assume that since you are comparing Dems to the mentally challenged, you obviously have something against the mentally disabled.
"Retarded" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families.
You must have a lot of fear of women to need to reduce them to the one body part you can't figure out how to work.
Your maximum effort i replying seems to be sexist hate, not much of an effort.
Using "c--t" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided.
You must need a reductionist view of people that are different than you to minimize the fear.
Your sentence is below primary school level. Only sexism and hate.
It's hard to take what you say seriously when you use a slur like that.
Hey User, it's not cool refer to the guy like that. Try saying developmentally disabled instead.
I understand you have a point to make but using that type of language does not help you.
Even if you don't use violence using language like that is just as bad as being violent.
When you use that sort of language it reflects poorly on you.
Using profanities like that towards anyone democrat, republican or any human is totally unnecessary, what a terrible way to make your point
It is hard to understand your argument when you use that sort of language.
Cuss all you want but if you can't keep your name calling under control you are going to be blocked from this thread.
You'd be better off making that argument without using such an offensive slur.
Or maybe the country just needs to deport people that think just like you and use language like that. People come here to be FREE.
It doesn't make sense to hate a whole race based on the actions of a few people.
This is unreadable, except for racism...
Racism propaganda.
It doesn't make any sense to hate an entire religion based on the actions of a few people.
You obviously mistake racism for doctrine.
Well unfortunately some Christians have had abortions and feel guilty. So I wouldn't be so tough on your stance for each religion.
Those images are disturbing, of course people believe them, they have been historically proven!
Use of the slurs here is not acceptable because it demeans others, and is hurtful and offensive.
Hate is one of the biggest feminist worries. I see it is still alive and well in this post.
Use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it demeans women, and is hurtful and offensive.
Personally I have a 4 year degree, cannot find a job, and I'm disabled. So that SS check is the only thing I have!
This was an interesting, mature, discussion until the name calling started.
One mans opinion of a video doesn't mean the rest of us feel that way.
Haha. You were calling each other names and you agreed the whole time!
Do not be so sad. It was all a lie in the first place.
Wow! A bit of a harsh description!
Use of the n-word here is not acceptable because it demeans blacks, and is hurtful and offensive.
I've never heard of such fires which is just as alarming as killing children based solely upon their skin color.
Do not use any racial slurs.
Actually, Oxford defines such as "Delay or hold back in terms of progress or development."
Please refrain from using offensive language and slurs.
The word retard is very inappropriate, someone who uses that term is ignorant.
There are professionals available you can get to help with your perversion... A better life is possible for ya.
Antisemitism and the use of N-word are not appropriate.
I would really like to understand why someone would speak so ignorantly about another human being.
Sad day for society when religion and work ethic is assumed by a mere photo.
The use of racial slurs (e.g. the N word) is not appropriate.
That was really uncalled for, no one controls the color of their skin.
It might be beneficial to get off the internet and go mingle in society with people of any race now.... Let's go, folks.
The use of racial slurs (e.g. N word) and racist hate speech is not acceptable.
It's a shame that someone can speak so vile like this, no one deserves to be spoken to in this manner, you should be ashamed of yourself.
First, your *facts* are a fantasy. Second, your claim lacks so much sense it's not even worth a rebuttal.
you hate mix babies but love raping the black women.
Using the word b-tch as a term of insult is prohibited in this forum.
There's a whole lot of sucking going on here - sounds to me like D is all about it.
not sure what was said after verb over load
Both "retarded" and "bitches" as used here are hate speech and, as such, prohibited.
Do you think it's possible our culture of stigmatizing victims may be to blame for the lack of police reports?
without women keep us in order numbers wise he must stay in demand to populate the worrld
The work "c--t" used as an insult--as in this case--is not allowed.
That's a lot of unsubstantiated BS. Maybe step outside once and a while you'll realize you sound like you're wearing a tinfoil hat.
Both the pejorative use of the "n-word," and hate speech directed toward homosexuals, do not have a place here and must be avoided.
Is that a proposition? OR are you just projecting again?
send time on results not problems only solutions
You guys are arguing and throwing hateful terms for something that happened so long ago
You sounded intelligent til the last word. Try a different one.
let refrain from attacking ones character no matter who you believe is right
Usually the people commenting on other game play are the ones that don't play or good  themselves
There are different words to describe women. Try them.
Shouldn't be name calling regardless the gender
There is no need for the language against women. Try something else.
I would agree with this sentiment, there are much nicer ways to get points across without bringing yourself down.#stayabove
If that was a true statement the civil war would of had a different outcome
No need to such language to get your point across. Leave it off.
There are much nicer ways to get points across without attacking someones character and bringing yourself down #stayabove
there are different ways that you could have gone about saying this.
You should really think about how your words affect people. Your language is inappropriate
Your point is lost in all of your blind rage.  Anger is a choice and people would listen more if you communicated more clearly.
Must you call someone derogatory names like that? It's okay to dislike someone but you don't have to express it as such
The compliment is lost when you use that word.
or maybe look at some diferent words to use to describe him
Could you refrain from using hateful words like that? It is uncalled for .
What any free man does is his business.  Your concern is lost when you use bad language.
that would mean that they are smart which they are not
What do you get from using such insulting hate speech? There is no need for it.
You push people away from your cause when you become hateful.
i guess i could ask you what you have ever invented.
What makes you think you are any better than anyone else? We all bleed the same. Race should not be an issue. You need help
Poverty is caused by ignorance like yours. It limits people for shallow reasons and hurts the whole group ultimately.
Please don't compare this user to a retarded three year old as that's not even an accurate comparison.
Let's try not to yell at each other and keep the anger down.
That idea should be kept to yourself.
It's hard to take your opinion seriously when you use language and grammar like that.
If you want to look like you know what you are talking about, try not using offensive language.
It would be easier to respect your opinion if you stated it professionally
If you want to look intelligent, use intelligent wording.
If only your sentence had grammatical sense, let alone political accuracy.
Using someone's Race, Religion, sex, mental disability, or sexual orientation is considered hate speech and is not acceptable on this forum.
Please provide a better alternative to the current situation versus providing negativity.
Talking rubbish like that makes one wonder who's really problematic.
Words mentioned above do not solve the situation only create more separation.
Rating musical talent with sexual preference really makes you an expert I suppose...
Avoid showing emotions and just provide your opinion via logical path.
Random sexism.
The word faggot is extremely offensive and should not be used hatefully.
His sexually has nothing to do with this.
Both the words 'n*gger' and 'slut' are hateful. The first word is a racist hate word and slut is misogynistic.
Obviously you would find someone slinging racial and sexual slurs highly amusing; however, there is no humor in debasing others.
The word 'retard' is hate speech regarding the differently-abled.
You're slinging a slur about humans who have a disability while simultaneously calling for the systematic brutalization of an entire race.
Don't use the word faggot, that's a stupid and lazy insult.
It's apparent that you cannot differentiate between ethnicity and sexual orientation.
Calling a man by a female organ should be a compliment rather than considered an insult.
Using racial slurs doesn't make you seem funny.
Stop using racially offensive speech.
Real men don't gripe about grapes.
Ableist slurs don't really add much to your comment, and they also make a person look ignorant.
Please don't make jokes at the expense of the intellectually disabled.
Derogatory terms aren't helping you get anyone to respect your argument.
Agree liars should be taken to task.
Please don't use language that is offensive to Hispanics. That's racist.
If I were you, I might consider reevaluating my viewing habits.
There's no point in making comments consisting of nothing but slurs.
There's no reason to use homophobia while making your point.
When lack of imagination exceeds the eloquence of brevity.
The language you used is awful and incredibly racist, you should refrain from using this word choice in the future.
We are all humans, and should love irrespective of race.
Because someone loves a different race you think poorly of them, that just shows your ignorance. There is nothing wrong with loving another.
There is no need for you to use this racist language. It is unnecessary and extremely hurtful, and makes you look terrible!
Skin color doesn't make people good or bad. Bad people are bad people.
Black people just want the same rights as others, there is no need to speak this way about people. Your speech is truly uncalled for.
This language offends other communities of people aside from who you are referring to. You should use a different word choice.
We shouldn't see every actions as having racial undertones.
White people are not being persecuted, people of color have been walked on since the end of time because of attitudes like this.
Though you may not realize it, the insult you used is offensive to other communities of people and you should refrain from using it.
Your language is uncalled for, asking why someone has their job still does not need name calling, that just makes you look ignorant.
Using racist comments as such is not okay, and you need to consider using a different vocabulary.
Everyone loves dogs irrespective of race.
That's funny, I thought owning a dog just meant you liked dogs, anyone can own an animal, especially a sweet animal like a dog.
The march wasn't very organized and really was a mess.
Please stop shaming others with your rancid words.
Do you have background on the opposing side?
Regardless of where he comes from, using racist remarks is never the way to get your opinions across.
The words you use are harmful to others so please start using kinder language.
Climate change is happening for sure, but to compare it to Germany is a bit much...
Please start using words that are less malicious because the language you use is abusive.
What is the average world wide or the rankings for the top 10 polluted places
Powell should never have sold the weapons to the enemy that is counterproductive.
Please alter your language as it it detestable.
You fail to remember he was placed by the donald trump
I don't think anyone really owns the GAB.
Please show your disapproval in a way that is less averse.
Who they choose to date or love has nothing to do with topic at hand
I do not even know what your point is. Try using more words that are less offensive.
Someone's race should not be used to judge the individual.
Yes, President Obama is half-black. But there's nothing wrong with being a black person, and your statement compares them to donkeys.
I am not sure what you are even trying to say.
Using someone's race shouldn't be used to judge their skills in music.
Hey, the term redneck is a misrepresentation of people from Appalachia used to disenfranchise their culture.
This does not add to the conversation.
If someone is worried, it doesn't necessarily make them a twat.
That is not a helpful suggestion for how he could get a job. If you don't have anything nice to say, take it elsewhere.
You can say the same thing without using that language.
Using someone's race to judge them is not fair.
If you post the N-word again I'm reporting you to a mod.
You are adding nothing to this conversation.
Cunt shouldn't be used to offend people, it's pointless.
Wow, way to use the concept of a vagina as an insult. Seriously, though, don't listen to him, he's a troll.
Using language like this makes hate spread further causing more tension. Please think what you are representing before posting hate.
Mindless label of people just takes any credit of your post.
Refrain from using racist slurs to try and insult people you don't like. There are smarter ways to express your feelings.
We all feel your pain in these words. But there is a greater chance you will be heard if you refrain from using this form of hate speech.
Learning to write proper might be better invest of your time, instead of open racism.
Refrain from using the words 'nigger' and 'faggot' to try and insult people you don't like. It's offensive and childish.
Using hate to debate a heated topic does no one any good. Problems are solved much more quickly if we refrain from calling bashing names.
Refrain from using offensive slurs to insult people you don't like. There are better ways to express yourself without being childish.
Harsh language reflects poorly on each of you as an American and does nothing to change the issues being heatedly debated here.
That's just load of rubbish. Lots of history you need to read and learn before going for comments like this.
Refrain from using the term 'nazi' and 'retarded' to insult people you dislike. It's offensive and childish.
That is offensive on so many levels. I would hate for a handicap or adopted person to read this. Think of the damage you are doing.
Refrain from using 'retarded' to insult people. There are better ways to express yourself without being so childish.
Please stop the offensive speech and find something positive to discuss.
Deporting the bad immigrants is what we should focus on, not family men and mothers.
Slurs demeaning folks because of their religion is hurtful and plain offensive and has no place in our discourse.
Stop the abominable language please and use words that are more considerate.
Wow that is really a strong statement to make. No one should be killed based on the color of their skin.
Using the N-word is so offensive and hurtful and everyone knows this--to deliberately trigger with such hatred has no place in our discourse
Please do not discredit others but use words that are more approachable.
I agree she is feeling a type of way but saying she's fuming would be enough.
Inappropriate use of offensive terms as this are only demonstrating your hatred of woman.
Please limit the obscene language that is demeaning to others.
Trump didn't mess up his life or the love of Trump. People need to allow each other opinions without judging.
Use of the word retarded equates intellectual disability with being inferior and calling black people an ape family is terribly offensive.
Please find some positive words to say about others and decrease the negativity.
The President is absolutely right on!
Uniformed--yes, but people's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Don't insult the mentally challenged by comparing them to Gab users.
Stop it with the insults, you should keep racist comments to yourselfs.
Yes, and the KKK never existed.
People would take your message more seriously if you did not use divisive words.
Yes, somehow her disagreeing with your echo chamber takes away all the legitimacy of her argument lol. You make no sense.
People would take your argument more seriously if you did not use such off-putting language.
The level of hate in this conversation is big, you all have your opinions and thats hard to change but racist remarks shouldnt be made.
You all should go outside and read a book or two.
I get that you are both angry and have opposite opinions but really, you should stop with the insults both, America and Europe are great.
Nothing you've said makes sense
You do not make America seem better by using such language.
There is no need to "destroy" people who are performing a simple protest
Please eliminate the hurtful speech and use words that are not so distasteful.
Avoid using offensive terms to refer to people based on their sex. gender or gender identity. Be sensitive when talking about ethnicity.
Please avoid the caustic words and start using ones that are more obliging.
Avoid using negative or offensive language when referring to people, especially when talking about sex or gender identities.
There are other, less horrible ways to refer to women
Please avoid the language that expresses ill-will and start using warmer words.
Watch the terms that you choose when talking about others. Refering to someone in a derogatory way based on their sexuality is unacceptable.
So many white supremacist memes and so little time
I see you have your opinion, but please stop the abrasive comments.
It is wrong to use words like that to refer to someone based on their race. That constitutes hate speech.
You could just say Walter Williams and your point will come across just fine.
Please stop the rude language and initiate some more helpful thoughts.
Hate speech is unacceptable, and that includes using hateful words to refer to someone based on their race.
By using the word 'retarded,' the user is making fun of people who have mental illness
I get that you didn't mean much hate in your conversation, but the word choice you used is extremely offensive to the disabled community!
I think you know of a better word than retarded. You should use it.
Do not attack a person based on their sexuality
The word choice you used was unnecessary! There are different words you can use that are less offensive to other communities of people.
Being homophobic helps nothing at all and makes you sound less than intelligent. I wouldn't use it.
Using female genitalia to insult someone is a direct attack to women. Its offensive to attack people based on their religion.
The language you used is offensive to other communities and religions! Everyone has opinions but your word choice should be more careful.
I think you can all do better than to speak like that. it is beneath you.
using female genitalia as an insult is offensive to women.
This word choice is extremely offensive to religious groups and other communities, and shouldn't be used so lightly.
Calling for people to die is pretty hateful. You should not talk like that at all.
It is inappropriate to use stereotypes and words such as Nigger, and genitalia as insults. its an attack to ones race, body, and nation
The terms you used are very irrelevant to the conversation and extremely offensive to people of color! You need to use better word choice.
This is pretty hateful stuff. You should both elevate the conversation and get to your points without that stuff.
Using racial slurs don't help make your point.
Both the N-word and racist speech have no place here.
Using racial slurs isn't helping further your point.
Misogynistic slurs don't really add to the conversation.
The term "retarded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families
It's hard to take you seriously when you use ableist slurs.
Both the n-word and the gender-targeted word c--- as used here are offensive and prohibited in this channel
It's a shame that you think using offensive language is actually adding to the discussion.
Please understand the representation of Islam in the media is wrong, visit some muslims in real life and you will find they are peaceful.
It's never acceptable in any culture to use such terminology as evidenced here though.
No need to be racist my friend, you have made your point perhaps the OP did not understand the video as well as you
GENTLEMEN. Only uncivilized individuals would utter such.
Did you click on the picture, if you do not agree no need to abusive towards them they just have a different opinion
Ah, those Russian trolls are at it again. So easy to spot with how they expect Americans to speak!
I respect the fact you want to defend these groups of people but no need to cause offense to others also
Rather impressive to insult two demographics in one sentence. Hating while hating is still hate.
Cops risk their lives for us to make the USA a safe place to be. It is enivatable they will slip up occassionaly, you were just unlucky
Nice try, FBI. Nice try. No one here is biting on the racism hook to comment further. No one in real life even speaks like this.
"Bitch" and "Faggot" as the terms are used here are offensive and should be avoided.
Hoping for someone to have their head caved in is not an effective solution to any problem talking like adults is however.
Consider such things being called upon yourself. Disrespecting people based on assumptions or even unconfirmed theory's is weak
"Faggot" is an offensive term as used here and muddies any point you may be trying to make
Calling somone names is not going to get them to listen to your point of view, talking to them like an adult may get them to listen.
while curses can bring emphasis to a point, only using such things has no point at all
"Fag" as used here is an offensive term and should be avoided
Using vulgar language shows a lack of vocabulary skills.
silencing people is unacceptable in all ways, it seems however you are doing just that by shutting people down with degrading names.
"Faggot" as used here is an offensive term and should be avoided
Calling others names doesn't ever produce a solution to any problem. It is merely a waste of everyone's time.
what is essentially screaming what minus the slurs might be an actual point nullify it
Choosing to speak down to someone in that manner can lead others to believe you suffer from a lack of vocabulary and intelligence.
All religions are for who want to participate such participants are not inherently bad
Using those types of pejorative words are hurtful. If you disapprove of someones lifestyle keep it to yourself.
Stop stumbling over the same offensive words trying to demean a person by insulting all homosexual people.
so we should remain out of loop on this thread since they are monitoring and watching now
This is an example of current day racism. Referring to a race, religious groups as being less than and wanting to kill them is immoral.
Because someone is jewish does not make them deserve such slurs--it is offensive and wrong.
Why you think madagascar is the place to send them?
When wanting to express an opinion you should do it in an educated and respectful way, removing offensive words.
Make your point without the needless and offensive slurs.
if you willing to pay then how much of it is that name you call it for you to PAY TO HEAR OR SEE?
This is racist, you should seek treatment for the hate you have for people you have never met.
You should truly realize that the n-word is not acceptable in conversation.
Im going to keep that in mind so that if we multiple he will be majority ruled!!
This is a joke based on racism, it is not funny and offends many people. You are offending many people of all races.
Trying to make a joke about races this way falls flat because it is so offensive.
No comment
Women can do what they want with their bodies
Your use of derogatory language isn't adding anything to the conversation.
Keep your analysis on objective level. Your presumptions are both sexist and baseless.
Your response is hypocritical, as you have just based your argument on making statements defaming their character as well.
That's overly generalizing. Not all leftist women can be "put in the same bag".
How is using the same hurtful language back going to resolve the problem? Have you not just stooped to their level?
Using homophobic slurs is never a good response to anything.
Your argument makes no sense
Can't take you seriously when you think homophobic slurs are okay to use.
You are free to give your opinion, but keep your "faggot" and "pedo" labeling out.
No offense was meant.  I should have worded that better.  I appologize
Your language needs to be cleaned up in regards to women.
It is ironic to call someone a name that also applies to you.  When you use hateful speech it cheapens your point.
There is no need for such language and name calling.
You have better language to get your point across. Use it.
In our modern time, we know exactly what our illness is and it has more to do with being hateful than any deity a person may worship.
There is a better way to have made your point with out vulgarity.
There is no shame in the oldest profession, The shame is in your limited vocabulary.
There is no need for name calling, nor being vulgar.  If you do not like the conversation please leave it.
You can express your anger without using language like this.
Your point is lost in your own hateful words and lack of understanding of both groups of people.
No one needs to follow someone who speaks so hatefully.
Your language skills here are lacking. Try using more intelligent speech.
Your language does not make the change you wish to happen.  To create change, you must first open communication.  He will only see hate.
Let me hear some kinder thoughts and less abrasive comments.
This learning disabled person knows that the polls are kept separate. That makes you low by your own standards.
So this is where senseless hash tags go to die on the interwebs. Next up, a #HolyMackeral to #WashAMouthOutWithSoap !
Limit the hurtful comments and please give more thoughtful ideas.
Your hatred for lady parts is obvious even to this learning disabled person. Try better language.
I've never associated anyone in the modern monarchy with having a solid work ethic, except Princess Di, but there are better terms for such.
Use some restraint in your words with more charitable language.
When you use that word to bring your betters down, your status below them doesn't change... it just sinks lower.
Ford lied, plain and simple. Please don't insult women everywhere with that vile term. The name "Ford" is 4 letters and enough.
Please avoid the hostile language and show some tenderness in your words.
When you use that word, your hatred betrays your fear of women. If you want to hide your fear better, use different words.
I cannot decipher what it is you are trying to say other than something about being a homosexual. Google translate must be down today.
Limit the insults please and start expressing your opinions in a more positive way.
When someone makes a post like this, they're displaying the vocabulary of a 9 year old. Use better language and join the adults.
C'mon man, I get your point but you can cut out the offensive words.
Using ableist slurs doesn't add anything to the conversation.
Retards is a vert strong word to use.
Yeah, I'm familiar with that story.  I'd stop using the hate peach words though because it only weakens your argument.
You cannot generalize a killer as a wetback, not all killers are "wetbacks"
I totally get your argument, but you might want to eliminate the nasty words.  Believe me, I get what you're saying.
Using derogatory language isn't helping prove any point you may have had.
Woman should not be called cunt
I hope you realize that your argument is stronger without the hateful words.
Using homophobic terms does nothing for your argument.
Don't judge someone for their sexuality preference.
So, because some women had the sense to point out the ridiculous marketing ploy, they suddenly have a mental disability.
You are spreading hatred with your use of language can you please reconsider how you talk in the future?
Attacking people with ableist slurs doesn't make you seem very level headed.
Such a shame that you jumped to making fun of the disabled while making such an astute point.
The "R" word is outdated and offensive it is hurtful to people with intellectual disabilities!
Don't really see a point in using ableist slurs.
I'm sure the city attempted to keep it quite so that actual radicals like you didn't blow the Muslim part of the story out of proportion.
Muslims are people too, to say to kill them all is very hurtful.
Using offensive language doesn't really add to the discussion.
So, you're taking issue with the values of Jews by slinging ethnic and sexual slurs which is definitely not Christian.
Your language is hurtful to gay people and people of the Jewish religion! Please reconsider how you use language.
Your constant spewing of offensive language isn't really a good way to make any sort of point.
Making a comment like that does no good at all. It's not very grown up or intelligent. Spend this time to educate yourself instead.
His sexual orientation has nothing to do with the fact that he just gave you info that could save your life. Don't hate.
I don't understand why you think using offensive language is contribution.
Your comment is completely pointless and just rude. You make me think you are 11.
It is no surprise that language so foul accompanies even worse grammar. Work on both if you want to be taken seriously.
Using racial slurs doesn't make you seem very intelligent.
What's so funny? Joking about sexual orientation when it's clearly out of contexts isn't very intelligent.
LGBT people make your games. Show some respect.
The people will decide but no one deserves to be called that.
It's obvious she frightens you by your use of that word. You should meditate on your fear of strong women.
Using misogynistic language isn't really much contribution.
Most people are smart enough to avoid using the n-word. You have no right to talk about someone like that.
That is apparently someone making good money. Shame how low that language puts you.
Racial slurs don't really add to the content of your sentence.
When you denigrate a person for non-harmful actions/beliefs it makes it impossible to respect your position.
I hope you realize that you can make your point without using that word.  It's really not appropriate to use it anymore.
Your comments are hateful towards groups of people who have done no individual harm to you.
Racism is bad and your comments show a lot of it, stop it, we must all work together for a better future no matter the color of your skin.
You know I appreciate your point and tend to agree with you, but I'd appreciate it if you could tone down the language a bit please.
You've admitted that you don't know the details of this. Do your research before judging.
The word faggot is disrespectful for many, its something you shouldnt say.
That does sound interesting, but watch the language a bit.  Your point loses validity when you use those words.
You are throwing out hateful adjectives without making any point.
hate, racism, will only bring more problems and make things worse, stop insulting others an stop with the hate.
Wow, your argument loses all validity when every other word is offensive.  You won't be able to convince anybody that way.
Why do you feel it's necessary to use such foul language? All you have to do is just ask a simple question. No need for such profanity.
Your autocorrect is really unusual. "Craig" is "Craig" lol
Please try to find a more intelligent word to describe Jenny Craig.
It's a parasitical entity, so I'm assuming all types of websites where can consumers can purchase products are parasitical?
That looks like a pretty decent fiscal outline.
It is 2019 and the R word is no longer accepted in any circles.  Please broaden your education and stop using this word!
What does her weight or country of origin have to do with anything?
Iran doesn't have much to do with this.
While I am sure that this person will take your advice and seriously listen to you, please refrain from blatant racism.
Jews have been through enough don't you think? And why is there a need to use the infamous "R" word. Have some compassion for others!
Humanity is a little concerned about your mental health. If you need a friend to get some things off your chest feel free to DM me.
I can feel your anger, so you may feel justified, but telling someone to kill themselves could have legal recourse.
Why does a woman have to be considered a cunt? Don't you have a mother too? How would you feel if she was being called such name?
Gonna need a little better description of a reason to pack someone up and mail them off like Garfield The Cat's irritating cousin.
I wonder if someone that uses that kind of language to describe a woman actually knows what they are talking about in any capacity.
You could have just said you don't agree with her.
pretty unproductive to just name call
Those shows are created by a bunch of white guys, so I don't see your point at all.
There are other characters, just laugh at it or don't watch
Use of the n-word is simply unacceptable in any conversation.
It might be because of your blatantly hateful comments.
There's no point in being insulting
The term used (retard) is no longer acceptable in decent society.
We could have done without that last sentence. Not necessary at all!
Barbarella is a camp classic, no disloyalty there
Derogatory use of such words describing woman is offensive and unacceptable.
If your post is the best part of you, I'm sure your mother would be disappointed.
The language used is inappropriate and offensive to women. Its a direct attack to their gender
This is an unacceptable term that denigrates woman.
You should quit whining about what people do with their own bodies.
The language used is offensive, stigmatising, and homophobic. Refrain from words that attack one's based on their sexuality and diseases
This is courseness that denigrates an entire group of people and unacceptable.
Serbia is lacking behind more developed eastern Euro countries, you shouldn't set yourself as the standard of Europe.
The language used directly attacks people based on race and country of origin. e.g, the words 'gypsies' and 'nigger' are inappropriate
It must be so traumatizing to be so fragile that a new take on a comic hero angers you.
The word 'nigger' might be considered offensive depending on the racial affiliation of the speaker. Therefore, its wise to just avoid it.
Use of the n-word is just unacceptable as is is too course for any discourse and offensive to African-Americans.
Stop bullying of races and sexes!
Disrespecting women and people of color is shameful and will not be tolerated.
Keep racial labels out of discussion, please.
stop with the racist and political derogatory remarks!
Blending of the races is inevitable. Resisting it with hate will only encourage those who see it as a positive.
Your extremist racist view just leads to mindless violence and does nothing to contribute to America. Just ruins the image of it in world.
stop bullying for race and sexuality.
Exhibiting such hatred and anger in your posts is counterproductive to your intent, whatever that is at this moment.
stop the  racist remarks!
Such a lack of creativity and intelligence in your hate speech is still often shocking to me.
Your racial labeling have no place here.
Stop the sexual bullying and violence threats.
Inciting violence against others is not a sign of confidence in one;s self defense capabilities.
Keep your sexist comments out of the discussion.
We live in a modern world where many people have their own styles, no need to hate on a racial group
Dude, your rant does not belong here. You will be reported.
With this level of hate and anger, you might want to get more sunshine.
We all form our own opinions please give them a chance and lets discuss our differences to form a better choice
Whatever your issue is, it does not call for that response. You will be reported.
This just demonstrates educational insufficiencies
These crimes also happen with regular dating apps, bad people comes in all forms, them being gay is irrelevant in this situation
Keep your hate opinion to yourself. It does not belong here. You will be reported.
The crime says it all, the race doesn't matter, and your racism is uncalled for.
maybe we should hear what they have to say before forming judgements, only then can we form an opinion
Poor response. No name calling allowed here or you will be reported.
That's just silly.
millienials already have a hard time, lets help them make better decisions rather than creating more hate
That language is unacceptable here. You will be reported.
That's sure intelligent.
Please use less shocking words to express your discontent instead of hateful ones.
Everyone is entitled to believe something or not, regardless of intelligence.
I would comment that there is no need for that language or to treat people that are different than you in that way.
Limit the language that is demeaning and please express your concerns with more respect to others.
There is nothing wrong with being gay or voting for either political party.
Please refrain from the abusive language and share your opinions with more encouraging words.
I would tell them all to shut up and stop being offensive.
Please be a champion for kindness and not hate.
Reducing your discussion to just throw ethnic hate just proves you have no valid arguments or proof.
I would just walk away from this person because what they said is so ridiculous
Please advocate by using agreeable language and not disrespect.
I would tell them they need jesus and not be so hateful
The terms you have used are offensive both to religion and the LGBT+ community. You should use better word choice to convey your opinion!
God loves all his children.
I encourage you to educate yourself about religion before you go making judgments.
The word choice you used is extremely offensive to people of color, and was unnecessary in this context. Better word choice should be used.
McGregor is more of a commercial fighter than a real fighter.
Please do not use the n-word, it is outdated and ignorant.
The language you have used is incredibly offensive to people of color, and is used in a malicious context. You should use kinder words.
What does an IQ have to do with anyones race?
It is not necessary to use slurs when discussing race relations.
This is incredibly unnecessary language and is highly offensive. It is racist and you need to learn to use better words.
God loves us all no matter what color you are.
You think you're funny, but that sort of humor doesn't age well past grade school. Grow up.
The language you used is unnecessary and offensive to an entirely different community of people. You should use different terms.
I think the ladies were a little excited.
Come up with a more creative insult without the use of slurs, please.
I apologize if anyone assumed you had presented one. Please, then, outline your fiscal plan.
Having different view of things doesn't make him "brainwashed". If you are so capable, be punctual on what you thing is wrong.
I think any nationality can be easy prey to the right predator.
Let's not make racial slurs. There's no need for that type of language.
If you have nothing to comment, keep your "racial card" for yourself.
Come on he is old and probably just sick or weak.
Let's not jump to conclusions about that person's credentials and personality, just because your views aren't the same as her's/ his.
Kavanaugh is innocent and if he wasn't they did an awful job of proving it.
Don't use hate speech just because you hate John Kasich. There's no need to use the N word.
Do elaborate your view on John Kasich with facts. Visualizing disgusting scenario without proof says more about you than him.
I get you don't like him but do you really need to lower yourself to that level of childishness?
Refrain from using slanderous terms to express your anger. There are more mature ways to word yourself.
So instead you reply with a racist comment? to target people based on their race alone and make those kinds of generalizations seems petty.
Refrain from using slanderous terms like 'retarded' to express your anger. There are more mature ways to word yourself.
Using the typically offensive cookie cutter response of calling flakes by a derogatory slur just pushes you into that low IQ Trump pool.
The word choice you have used was unnecessary and very offensive to the LGBT+ community. It was not right to use in this context!
Use of the slurs and hate here is totally unacceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans homosexuals.
Well, if you're comparing people who don't agree with you to gay men who are typically wealthier, healthier and have higher IQs, then ok.
There is no reason to use such hateful speech! You used terms that are hateful to others, rather than keeping it between just the persons.
The word choice you have used was vulgar and there are better words you can use to express your strong emotions!
Using this word is highly offensive to another community of people, and you should find other (less offensive) words to use in the future.
Use of the slur to demean muslims here is totally unacceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans others.
Not only are your facts incorrect, but they are highly offensive regarding the world's second largest religion.
I understand your anger but you are using a racist, hateful speech when referring to Obama. You are offending more than just Obama!
It is hard to take you seriously when you use words like that.
It is difficult for me to want to discuss this with you when you use language like that.
It makes your argument ineffective when you use those words.
xenophobic comments slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
You're argument would be more tolerable if you changed the offensive language you use.
Would have made more sense to put in a back door if she were trying to hide something.
Using the "c" word is offensive and hateful and will be reported.
Unfortunately, rapists come from all races.
Using the word "nigger" is offensive and hateful and will be reported.
"Faggot"  is an offensive term and must be avoided.
No need to make fun of her, she did a noble thing!
The term "dyke" used pejoratively is offensive to many people and so should not be used in a political commentary.
Your perception of her sexuality has absolutely nothing to do with this story.
The n-word is offensive and prohibited here, and hate speech targeting Jews shall not be permitted.
The story speaks for itself without the racist commentary.
Comments like "kike" "devil's mark" and "sand nigger" are offensive, inappropriate and hate speech and will be reported.
People have a right to their opinions.
Using the "c--t" term here is offensive and should be avoided.
Stop spouting hateful nonsense!
You are tripping over yourself to deride persons with outrageous and offensive terms.
Don't pick on people's sexual choices.
Stop with the religious hatred!
Using "cunt", "bitch" and "jew" pejoratively here is offensive and should be avoided.
Use of all kinds of derogatory words surely will make everyone realize there is no point here.
Wow, you're about to get reported on your own timeline. Imagine that! And by a gay person, as well! Oh, the irony...
Calling me names does nothing to prove your point. I can only assume you don't have anything valid to add to the discussion.
Look, I get harassed by men too, and I don't appreciate my developmental disability and neurotype being used as an insult.
Please don't call people nazis without substantial evidence. Furthermore, unless you are black, the N word is not yours to use.
I am neither of the "n words" you just called me. I assume you have nothing to say about the actual post.
Wow, that's really normative and misogynistic. Homophobic too! Clearly because this happened once, it represents every other example! /s
I don't understand why you would equate lying with being a lesbian.
Tiny, whoever he is, is making his own choices. Please don't disenfranchise him, or for that matter Black Americans.
I didn't know that was a genre of music! You must be more well versed than I.
Use of the r-word here is totally unacceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans mentally disabled people needlessly.
It's hard to take you seriously when you feel the need to use ableist slurs.
"Retard" and "retarded" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families
Using misogynistic slurs doesn't make your point seem very relevant.
Use of the r-word here is totally unacceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans with this gross insulting language.
Using ableist slurs isn't really relevant to the conversation.
You might've made a good point, but the misogynistic slur makes it hard to take you seriously.
It is never okay to make fun of whites or Jewish people. So if we all stop and focus on ourselves things will get better.
not sure seems the one speak racist or not prpoer engklish and hard to full with lingo i forget what the racist part was too... lol
Racism is all in all cultures and religions. Going back and forth is never the answer.
the president has made america great but putting the whole country agaist you.
Being proven right or wrong isn't the issue. The problem is we need to love and not hate so much.
People would take you more seriously if you didn't use language like that.
Like when a father has a baby on his chest sleeping that is naturall and nature, nothing is sexual or wrong.
No one will take you seriously name-calling instead of making valid points.
Using power to be little people is wrong, but so is acting immature and calling them out with such names.
he made country better
Tragic, but still does not mean you can generalize this conclusion on whole race.
This kind of hate is exactly what keeps people on edge. Don't perpetuate hate by using racist words.
This obviously isn't something that's common. Just say you have underlying issues
Ordinary racism.
Using racist words in response to a legitimate debate ruins it for everyone. Nobody wants to read those words.
Obviously people care otherwise this post wouldn't exist
Being "stupid" has nothing to do with being "cunt".
Ok, the vulgar words are unnecessary. Think about if your mom read that.
Expressing our opinions is one thing, but the sexist name calling is unnecessary and ruins the discussion for others.
I highly doubt that
Please don't make everything you can into a racial issue.
This just makes no sense at all.
sexist and racist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
You are likely confused by the rage that is constantly clouding your mind.
Just ordinary boring racism.
The belief that the world is being run by a group that you have decided to hate is merely a way for you to not feel so bad about yourself.
You could have made your point without using offensive slurs. You should take a deep breath.
Your vitriol shows that you have allowed your rage to build and cloud your judgement.
This conversation just shows how incapable both of you are in simple task of reading. Only care about your racism.
Wishing someone to commit suicide and calling them a "retarded cripple" isn't very nice. If you don't have something nice to say shut up.
Please be kinder to disabled people. You could be one one day.
It is not right to catalog someone as being degenerate
I don't think it matters that they're in the community, they aren't harming anyone. Also calling them names isn't very nice.
There's nothing wrong with cultural mingling. Furthermore, the N-Word is offensive.
1. Attack based on race.
2. Improper word(mudshark)
retarded ins't a very nice word to use. It can be annoying, but it ain't that bad.
While I understand your frustration, please be kinder to the intellectually disabled. Otherwise I will have to report you.
Using the n word isn't very nice. If  you don't have something nice to say, don't say it at all.
Wow, way to insult children and African Americans all in one go. Try to be nicer- otherwise people won't help you when you're in trouble.
1 "nigger" it's an inadequate word
Using that word isn't very nice and it can be harmful to the LGBT community.
I doubt you mean cigarettes. If you say that again I'm reporting you. Gay people deserve better.
2. "faggot" is't an adequate word
You surely could have found another word that didn't make you sound unintelligent.
Using offensive language and name-calling is no way to get your point across.
Surely your skin color doesn't make you feel so superior when you clearly have a mental deficit.
You must be really full of hate and sadness. I feel bad for you.
Both the "N word" and "faggot" offend many and so do not belong in intelligent commentary
The unintelligent name calling and the first three results of a google search aren't making anyone see your sides in this argument.
You are generalizing an entire group of people based on prejudice, not logic.
Your over generalization of races and women in general is disgusting.
Your assertions about women are based in prejudice and your own ignorant experiences.
Your choice of language is offensive and unintelligent.
Using slurs makes you sound ignorant and hateful
Racial slurs have no place in this conversation. Let's act like adults.
I'd be more willing to listen to your argument if you didn't use language like that.
No one should every be sterilized against their will, especially not due to their race.
The use of the "n-word" is offensive, as it has been used to sysmatically bring down people of color.Also, it's inaproprate to group by race
It invalidates your argument when you use those types of words.
There's no need to use people's religious backgrounds against them, just because you don't like them.
Please do not use the word "muzzie". It is degrading to an entire group of people. Everyone deserves as much respect as you do.
People voting to stay / leave the EU aren't making this decision based on their religion or race, so leave those factors out of your insults
Even if someone has a different opinion that you, don't stoop to namecalling or hate speech. If you do not agree with someone, respect them.
It's hard to understand what your point is when you use those types of slurs.
You're saying you won't tolerate one race being insulted, but yet you choose to insult another race instead. Let's not be hypocritical.
IT is not approprate to use degragotory langue because you do not see eye to eye with them. Everyone is human and has feellings of thier own
It reflects poorly on you when you use that sort of language.
Usually apps run off algorithms and show what it knows you'll like
Racism,Homophobia and other hate speech is not allowed.
Using homophobic slurs won't really help either.
Now we have to teach the internet the definition of a fact
Hateful comments laced with ableism add nothing to the discussion.
I'm sure you wouldn't call him that if the man their looking for approached you
Using racial slurs soils any good point you could have made.
He was considered conservative when he was considered those names you called him
Using ableist slurs isn't a good way to add commentary to anything.
That means ignorant your spelling of please is actually ignorant
Using racial slurs isn't commentary.
xenophobic and derogatory slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Have moderators that can delete hate posts
Slurs and hateful language are the last refuge of those without an argument.
Tell people to not make false assumptions about others
Slurs like this are just hurtful and offensive.
Inform the user to not make derogatory comments against homosexuals and comunists
This slur is no longer acceptable in our discourse because it is hurtful toward people with different sexual orientations.
racist and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Make a list of prohibited words
Trying to demean someone with what you think are the most insulting slurs only demonstrates your hate and ignorance.
Make a list of banned words that users cannot use
The slur used is just offensive and has no place in our discourse.
You obviously have nothing smart to say. No need for you to be in discussion with racism.
Use of the n-word is always inappropriate as it demeans African Americans.
Use of that word is no longer okay because it is offensive to people, including those with a mental disorder or disease.
its not cool to make fun of people with disabilities
Using someone's sex, Race or sexual orientation is considered to be hate speech. Please refrain from these comments in the future.
Don't promote violence or insult peoples' sexual choices.
Use of the slurs and r-word here is totally unacceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans others.
Stop insulting peoples' intelligence.
Using someone's sex, Race, or religion against them is considered to be hate speech. Please refrain from using this language in the future
Stop with the religious hate speech propaganda- it is nonsense!
The slurs here are totally unacceptable because it they are hurtful and offensive as it demeans others.
Don't insult a persons' intelligence for asking questions.
People have a right to their opinions. Don't pick on people with low IQs
Interesting, I would love to check out the waterhole.
Don't pick on people for their viewpoint
Well in the USA we don't use those words to describe women it's offensive.
Sexuality is a person's choice, leave it alone.  Don't call people names.
To use a highly offensive term (cunt) connected to a person's sexual orientation simply demonstrates overt and irrational hatred.
Aussie politics seem to be as interesting as the USA, who knew!
Stop with the name calling.  Stop making fun of her sexual choices.
Use of derogatory words solely because the person described is female is offensive and demonstrates irrational hostility.
I hate when I see leatherneck in my dreams!
Name calling someone you disagree with is not helping anyone.
what about shepard smith makes him a fa**ot? that is unnecessary language and you are probably smarter than that
Just because someone likes the same sex does not mean that they are a bad person.
why would you use that kind of language? just go to bed without insulting people
Please refrain from calling people faggot nazis.
what is with you guys and your hatred of jews? they make up less than 1% of the total US population, they are not the problem
Please refrain from offensive names to get your point across.
Using a derogatory term based on race to describe someone you don't like is not solving anything.
why use that kind of language? lets engage in some civil discourse here!
Please refrain from using nigger here.
Everybody has a right to their opinion
I can only see racism here, and complete illiteracy.
Offensive language based on race and sexual orientation is not allowed. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Everybody interprets the Bible differently
Please don't insult people with learning disabilities.
Don't disrespect people with low IQs
Stop disrespecting people to make your point.
This is as ignorant as it gets, just a racist labeling, and no substance to make a real comment.
Using the word kike only pushes the idea of Jewish victimhood.
It is never okay to attack innocent people based on their religious beliefs.
I bet you don't even know what that those words mean, sit down and be quite.
Your argument would be more compelling if you did not refer to your opponent as a nazi.
Violence is never tolerated and there is no need to attack each other over religious and/or political beliefs.
You all sound uneducated, also, noone knows who god hates,because he isnt real!
Calling someone retarded does not explain why their argument is wrong.
Bombing is a serious matter that should not be blamed on any political party.
Retarded is not a compelling critique of the justice system. Explain the problem with the justice system instead.
Everyone is allowed to have their own opinions about how our system operates but sacred beliefs and abduction are both important issues.
When you use language like that it makes it very hard for me to take you seriously.
I can't take people seriously when they use homophobic language instead of actually contributing to what is being said.
Calling names and using inflammatory and abusive language will not further a healthy debate.
You should think of a way to get your point across without using such offensive language.
Homophobic and racial slurs really don't belong in any intelligent conversation.
Disagreeing with someone does not mean you need to use foul language. It will not gain your respect for you or your viewpoint.
Using racial slurs is disgusting and is never considered actual contribution to any conversation.
I'd suggest using language that isn't offensive if you'd like to gain respect.
I understand the point you want to make but it's very hard to follow it when you use such offensive words.
Your use of homophobic slurs isn't really helping your point.
Abusive and inflammatory language only cause the thread to degenerate. Let's stick with respectful discourse.
When you use that word it is very hard for me to take you seriously.
Can't take you seriously with all the ableist slurs.
There are other ways to phrase this point of view without using inflammatory language. Please re-word to ensure healthy discourse.
Name calling someone based on their beliefs is not helping anyone.
please refrain from using homophobic slurs in this thread, they are offensive and do not contribute to content
Racial and derogatory comments are offensive and have no need in this conversation. please refrain or you will be reported to Admin
Have just put yourself in category you mentioned. No sense whatsoever.
Judging people based on their belief and race is just stereotyping.
racial and derogatory terms used here are offensive and do not contribute constructively to this thread, please refrain
Just because someone is dressed differently doesn't mean they are a bad person.
there is no need for homophobic slurs. They are offensive to most people and should't be used. Please keep it clean
Just because someone has a different belief than you doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of.
Homophobic and racial slurs are offensive and have no place in a describing news anchors. Please keep comments to yourself
Your use of that word shows everyone you fear her. Try different language so as not to appear such a coward.
lets use more elevated speech to express our differing opinions, and educate yourself on the issue
I don't know why we always have to use those words to describe a female.
You're the same people that call Democrats 'racist'. Projection at its finest. Better language will make you less of a hypocrite.
there is no need to use such derogatory terms, how would you feel if someone was writing these comments about you or someone you love
Are you that ignorant you have to resort to racial slurs?
Pick a better epithet. Calling the Pope 'gay' only reveals your childish intellect.
im really not sure what youre trying to communicate, perhaps a less hate filled message might deliver your message more clearly
Yeah, let's put down homosexuals. Grow up.
That word make you appear afraid of women. Try something else.
You don't have to use that word.
Fastest way to tell the world you're racist. Careful you don't lose your job.
there is literally no reason for this, what value is this bringing the conversation?
You have nothing better to say than a racial slur. Sad.
If someone is owed money than just pay them to prevent any problems.
This sentence does not make sense. Re word it without the slur.
Insulting someone based on race is unacceptable.
In this world today I think too many are racists and one day a person of the opposite color will be there to save your life.
Disparaging language based on race or sexuality is unacceptable.
You do not know these people yet you insult them. Widen your vocabulary.
Disparaging someone based on race is not ok.
Meghan is beautiful. Her being mixed is what makes her unique and even more beautiful!
Please seek help. Your comments are very hurtful. It is as if you hate yourself
I don't think it's good to call them that. It is better to say something like silly.
Some nazis could be classified as right wing. And some can be patriots fans. Not everyone is the same.
Use of the slurs here is totally unacceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans black people and women.
This is insulting to black people. It's better not to call them that.
I don't think that's a good thing to say about women. Even though I understand why you're angry.
There’s no need to be so angry, just move on. If you don’t like her, that’s okay.
I don't think that's an appropriate term because that's mean to people who have certain sexuality.
He is probably already in jail, calm down.
Use of the slurs here is totally unacceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans people.
That's not appropriate as it will be insulting towards women.
No need for vulgar language, kavanaugh is taking care of them
Using the word "retard" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
It's really better not to use that word, I know you can think of something more descriptive in its place!
Please stop using religious, political and racist propaganda .
There are better ways to express your opinion and get more people to listen to you than using hateful sounding words.
Stop insulting peoples' sexual choices.
It might be offensive to homosexual people if you use that word.  Maybe there is a different word you could use.
Stop using sexual choice insults.
I don't think gay people would appreciate your use of that word.  Just saying "homosexual" is sufficient.
Stop insulting poor Americans and medical conditions.
"Retard" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
That word is very offensive to people with mental disabilities, and might be painful to those who love them to hear.
The poor must live somewhere and all should strive to excel past their circumstances.
Worry about the grass under your own two feet
Your comment doesn't contribute to any discussion, it is just ignorant and racist.
There is clearly a superiority issue happening here. People are people, regardless of their physical appearance. Please remember this.
Your view doesn't have to be accompanied with racial hate and sexist labeling.
I would strongly suggest revisiting history class. The ignorance of one's past leads to their ignorance in the future.
Stop infusing this discussion with hate for Jews. If you have some facts give them, but everyone is bored by your views.
Aside from using an unnecessary hateful word, do you have crime statistics that would support your opinion?
That's just your narrow minded conclusion. Murder rate has nothing to do with racial, but social circumstances.
It is well within your right to have an opinion; however, using hateful words to share an idea destroys the thought rather than support it.
You are free to give your points without "retard" label.
This is merely an example of supply and demand, whether you like the idea or not.
Try to consider things from the point of view of a Muslim or non-white person before saying something rude.
Explain why something is wrong instead of relying on words such as retarded or hashtags.
Using someones sex, religion, or sexual orientation against them is Hate Speech and must not be used on this forum.
you should you should refrain from calling people names and making fun of the countries they come from.
Explain why something is wrong rather than relying on words like retarded.
it is it is unfair to call the potential victim names.
Explain the issues with her policy without cheaply attacking gender.
refrain from making lewd statements.
Explain what your problems are rather than using rhetoric that makes it sound like you don't know what you are talking about.
try to be fair to people regardless of sex or race.
Explain your issues with "the communist left" rather than using the word "retarded" as a crutch.
Using someones sex, race, religion, or sexual orientation against them is Hate Speech and must not be used on this forum.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation and sex and gender  in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
No need to insult others, you might not like what happened but how are you better if you start insulting others. Respect is all.
Do unto others as you’d want others to do unto you.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and race, which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Though history hate has only brough more hate, you can stop that and stop those comments.
A lot of good that does.....
You can swear but you shouldnt, its offensive to others.
Your entitled to your opinion but its wrong when you insult others and use language that isnt proper.
Stop it already, why do you express your opinions with hate and insults? respect should be forgotten.
you are still wrong.
what kind of combination is this? you might need to talk to someone
don't blame younger generations for a situation you've caused.
it seems to me maybe you should just leave it be and ignore them, be better off anyways no need for the words
People shouldn't group a whole generation together. One person doesn't make us all. You should take a look inthe mirror with that language.
You're just another man who fails to have a lexicon that contains more than 3 words for women you don't agree with.
Kindly, please use words that are more neighborly.
Can't take you seriously when you think it's funny to make offensive jokes while using misogynistic slurs.
Imagine my surprise when you can't rise above the gutter and use intelligent words to make your point.
Please be patient and be more decent with your words.
It only took me 5 seconds to dismiss your point, because you just resort to racist name calling.
Please don't involve those without fault in your conversation.
Using racial slurs doesn't add to your point at all.
I would suggest that if you have an issue, you phrase your protests in a way that actually highlights a little mental prowess.
Please don't use hurtful words which offend the unimpeachable, but rather use some grace.
Using racial slurs is disgusting and should never be tolerated.
I can't even consider your point considering you aren't astute enough to ascertain Clinton's sexual orientation.
I can understand your disapproval, but please use words that will not humiliate the innocent.
Sad that you think derogatory language is commentary.
Great. You have to insult two entire groups of people to get your point across. Very classy.
Judging someone based on their race is as silly as judging someone based on their favorite color.
I don't understand the need to use such an offensive term just to express displeasure with one person.
Making fun of someone just because they want peace isn't helping anyone.
I'm glad you think you're funny. Listen, using a term that has so much pain attached to it for so long is ALWAYS unacceptable.
There is no need to judge someone based on their color because they are no different.
You hate a person so you need to use a highly offensive term for a woman to get your point across. That makes sense.
Just because someone has a different opinion than you doesn't mean they deserve that.
There is no reason to use offensive language towards an entire group of people just because you're mad at the actions of these people.
You are talking about a case of hate speech and for some reason you are fighting it with more hate speech.
People have different tastes in music. This is fine. However, using hate speech is not fine. Please leave the Muslim and Gay people alone.
Please refrain from using derogatory terms for homosexuals to denigrate people. You are also factually incorrect.
Please ignore the trolls. Real Americans love and appreciate English influences. Hello?! British Invasion Rock is STILL cool!
Despite what our society says, people with intellectual disabilities have value. Furthermore, if you are kinder, good things will happen.
Please refrain from using a developmental condition to denigrate somebody.
I agree - Being so wrapped up in colors is a skin-deep, shallow mentality. We whites have such vastly differing cultures.
Please do not say the n word. Furthermore, humans are sentient, feeling beings regardless of skin color or intelligence level.
This is way out of line. You are speaking from a point of pure ignorance and malice.
LOL A filter for the derrogatory terms would sink those people to the bottom. It really does nothing for the convo.
Whoever this individual is, they have freedom of speech, just like you. Furthermore, what you're endorsing is murder.
You are using people who have no choice in their developmental functioning to denigrate someone whose views you disagree with.
Wishing harm on anyone is incredibly vile and disgusting.
Muslims do not deserve to be referred to with such derogatory terminology. Please be more civil.
Please refer to person's religious affiliation using correct terms, and do not assume religion based on looks, or use to insult a person.
Not all Muslims subscribe to the jihadist mentality, quite like not all conservatives agree with name calling and generalization.
Stop using derogatory words for a religious term.
This is a sad story. Your hateful reaction makes it more sad.
There is no place in our discourse for such slurs and hate-filled speech.
Stop putting down peoples' country, religion and sexuality.
Yikes! That's a bit harsh. The Holocaust was well documented in history.
There is no place for such slurs and hate in our conversation.
stop gender and political choice bashing!
Stop with the religious and sexuality bashing.
Doesn't give people a right to threaten violence based on religion.
Slurs and such misguided hate-filled speech have no place in this conversation.
stop with the geder and political choice bashing.
There are plenty of liberal women in office, if that is what you're referring to.
Use of the slur here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans women.
Don't pick on a person's intelligence. Stop picking on older women.
If you feel strongly about what she does for work, then do not watch. She is a adult and can make her own life decisions.
Don't pick on intelligence. Stop with the religious hatred. Stop calling someone stupid for disagreeing with you. Stop blaming the Jews for
Its ok to support people but Nazis had complete disregard for human life, its not ok to get rid of people just because of their beliefs.
Don't pick on people's intelligence.
Why would you tell someone to commit suicide that is serious.Some people are not strong enough to hear that and be ok.Everyone is important!
Stop spouting race hatred. Stop spouting sexual choice and race hatred.
Everyone is just as important as you feel you are. Why do you think color is such a vital quality. Its about who you are, not your color.
Stop blaming the Jews.  People have a right to their opinions. Stop knocking people's culture.
Everyone is alittle right but further test on vaccines would be great but until there is proof of either or, respect the choice we have.
Such generalization is absurd.
racism is the filth here
The term is a racist comment and offensive to anyone of color.
Your solution is basically genocide. That can lead only to more violence for both sides.
People, no matter race or religion, have a place in the world.  Only people who are unable to tolerate diversity do not deserve that place.
There's obviously no solution for your hate. No one needs it advertised here though.
don't be a namecalling jerk
People who oppose diversity demean the target but, more so, identify the major failings of the group from which they spout (white).
Wow. This is 2019, maybe leave language like that behind in the 1950s, where it belongs.
I understand the point you want to make but using those words does not help you.
Stereotyping a whole race based on a few people's actions does not make any sense.
This isn't typical Muslim behavior & classifying it as such as is no different than judging all Christians off extremist behavior.
Using language like that doesn't solve the problem, it only makes it worse.
You can't stereotype an entire religion based on the actions of a few people.
Wow. It's evident from your language that you're racist. Maybe using less inflammatory language would make your opinions a little more valid
Language like that is very disrespectful and will not change anyone's mind.
Language like that makes me not want to read any more of your opinion.
Name calling someone you disagree with doesn't solve anything.
Calm down in here! Y'all both are acting like children.
Using that type of language does nothing to help your argument.
Name calling someone you disagree with doesn't help anyone.
this word has been over used so much why? i want to know why you call people this
this is a very popular 1980s soundtrack, it was number 3 on the US Billboards at the time. This was the style back then
"Faggot" is an offensive term and muddies any point you are trying to make
what would be so bad about fighting fags
Perhaps we should come up with a plan on what do depending on the outcome, if we all prepare properly there will not be any problems
"Fags" and "Faggot" as used here cause offense to many and do not belong in intelligent commentary
youre aloud to voice your own opinion but maybe use different words to voice it?
Be open to this guy, he has clearly proven himself fit to be mayor making him capable of this job regardless of his personal life
"Nigger" since it offends many does not belong in intelligent commentary
maybe you should think about how other people feel when you use these words
I'm sorry but you do not know anything about this guy yet you want hurt him, we all have freedom of speech but no need to hate on him
The term  "faggot" as used here does not have a place in intelligent discourse
and all the seriousness just went out the window
Trump has a lot on his plate, he has to do what he can to help all but he cannot please everyone, understand it from his point of view
"Kike" and "Faggot" cause offence to many and detract from your point, if any
Please think twice when you use this language and try to be more accommodating.
I find this display of histrionics to be completely unnecessary. Your frustration is fair, but I see not the reason to use such words.
Please consider using more favorable words so as not to hurt people.
Narrowing all your "opinions" to racial and intelligence abuse completely invalidates any point you are trying to make.
What a dreadful thing to say. Even if you have distaste for a person, it is unnecessary to use such offensive language in your remark.
Please consider the acrimonious words you used and find others that are more friendly.
You should all stick only to documented facts.
These returns to each other are pointless. It seems apparent that a disagreement is present, and I would suggest that you both walk away.
Please think twice before you use such abrasive language.
If your only action is sexual and intelligence insult you shouldn't post at all.
Although politics may cause some to develop an antipathy to some people, I still deem it awful to use such language to refer to someone.
Please do not stoop to using the degrading language here and rethink what words can communicate your thoughts in a respectful manner.
Stick to the topic, leave sexual offending out.
Strong opinions can be admirable, but offensive language is not. It is possible to be opinionated without the use of hateful words.
the use of homophobic slurs is unwelcome and hurtful to most. Please refrain from using that kind of language
You are offending many by using this term! There are other words that can be used instead to express your anger, that won't offend others.
derogatory comments are unwanted and uncalled for. Please have some respect for woman and refrain from that kind of language
You sound stupid defining someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time
You are offending an entire community of people including women and the disabled with this language!
Using slander and derogatory comments does not help your position. Please refrain and consider your actions before you post
The language and terms you used are very offensive to more people than you think. You should adjust which words you decide to use.
The language you used is completely unnecessary, rude, and offensive! You should really adjust the way you use your words.
I understand your anger, but there are less offensive words you can use in the future. You are offending an entire community of people.
Using racial slurs takes away from your argument. We already agree that what's happening is wrong.
Racial slurs are not allowed and do not further the conversation.
Use of the n-word is never acceptable as is is too course for discourse and offensive to African-Americans.
If you have an extensive enough vocabulary to say "indoctrinating encroachment", there's no need for racial slurs.
Racial slurs are hate speech and do not belong in this discussion.
Use of the n-word is just not ever acceptable as is is too course for all discourse and offensive to African-Americans.
I don't agree with the invasion either, but I don't feel the need to use racial slurs.
Slurs against peoples' race and/or disabilities will not be tolerated.
Use of the n-word or denigrating religions is just never acceptable as is is too course for all discourse and offensive.
This post is so wrought with racial slurs, I almost missed the actual argument.
Racial and anti-semitic slurs are not acceptable langue. The same goes for death threats.
Please could you refrain from making racist comments and using foul language thank you.
Everyone has there opinions, but we aren't stating facts or making points here. None of this language helps with where we are at right now.
Please could you not comments like that thank you.
How about, "they parrot the last c-theory person that liked their, imo stupid, comment last month." It makes your point seem intelligent.
This is hurtful and derogatory and not acceptable in conversation.
Please can you not make racist remarks in your post thank you.
Compromising a child's safety is one thing. But responding derogatory makes you seem unintelligent and racist, even if you aren't.
Please can you refrain from making racist remarks thank you.
Some things are better left unsaid. Everyone has a right to freedom of speech but this takes it too far.
Please can you not make racist remarks.
There is a lot of hate in this world, but things said publicly like this can cause a negative reaction and end another persons life.
Eliminate the ability to write any foul/ offensive language (nigger) so these users don't even have the ability to type the word.
Using that language is entirely innappropriate
Use of the n-word and slurs against jews as done here demonstrates irrational hatred and has no place in decent discourse.
Suspend any accounts that use foul language, or better yet eliminate the ability to use these words on any forum.
Using that word to describe disabled people is unfair
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being DUMB OR STUPID and that is wrong.
Issue warnings and suspensions for any accounts that use foul language or make derogatory comments about religion.
Both antisemitsm and ableism is happening here and its uncool
Use of the word jew to insult someone is wrong and retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being stupid.
Use software to eliminate the ability to use foul language or suspend/terminate those accounts that have a proven track record of foul words
That's disrespectful to women
This is being hurtful and offensive to all woman and decent people. There is no place in our discourse for this.
Eliminate the ability to use words such as cunt and suspend/terminate any account that makes offensive comments towards a sex.
That's incredibly transphobic
Being offensive to transgenders and insulting demonstrates irrational hatred and spite and has no place in decent discourse.
You can put him down without going there. That isn't right.
That is not right to call someone a "faggot"... let alone "retarded". Both words aren't morally correct to use. Have some empathy for others
Stop saying things like that, its homophobic and ableist
There's no reason to use that word for them. You can be constructive.
You should not make fun of a 6 year old orphan who has no control over what race he was born. People cannot chose their race.
That's not a good way to characterize someone you disagree with.
Please think twice before using the word "Faggot". That has been a thing of the past. It does not make it right to say in 2019.
Stop saying things like that, its homophobic and gross
That's blatantly racist and wrong of you to say. Be better than this.
Explain why you are calling Don Lemon a house nigger. That type of language is extremely offensive.
I'm convinced you're really good at making up statistics and definitions for words you do not understand.
It is very hard to take you seriously when you use insults like those.
You said that the degenerates kept to themselves and then families moved in. Sounds like the families are the criminals which makes no sense.
The interwebs would probably be the best source of info for people in therapy but who wants to talk to anyone if they're already mean.
If I go to a therapist I'm not talking (or paying) about anyone who doesn't even know my name.
You misspelled "bigger." Might wanna fix that typo.
Actually we took the African people to the USA there was no invasion.
Beating a 68 year old man is wrong regardless of race or religion, even in the days of old.
It makes your point invalid when you call people names.
What an awful story. Maybe offer to help clean up the dog instead of beating them up.
Well, yes, some of us clearly are. Time to drain our own swamp.
You embarrass yourself when you say things like that.
He probably agreed with you out of fear.
I get that you are angry with these people, but slow down and check yourself. You need to understand the ideology for what it really is.
The pejorative uses of "bitch" here are hateful and detract from intelligent discourse. They should be avoided.
Refrain from using a disability to insult someone, it is unfair. Please refrain from derogatory names for homosexuals.
Just because someone has a different opinion or belief than you doesn't mean they are less than you.
You cannot sum up a whole demographic with one characteristic, and please respect people with disabilities by not using as an insult.
Fighting perceived hate speech with hate speech is not going to solve any problems.
Do not denigrate people with developmental disabilities by using words like retard. You cannot assign one characteristic to a single group.
You are inciting hatred, racism and violence with your speech.  This will not help anybody.
Name calling each other and making fun of someone who likes the same sex is not going to help anything.
"Retarded", "nigger" and "faggot" are all terms of ignorance and have no place in compelling argument
The "n-word" since it offends many does not belong in intelligent commentary
You missed the point entirely, this is about senseless violence and not about race.
Accepting that we are all part of a global community is wise and indicative of one's inner strength.
Mute this guy too, with his hate speech, while you're at it.
Using that term as an insult reveals poor character, no matter the context.
The term "faggot" is offensive to many people and so should not be used here.
So, we're just tossing out random insults, I see.
Look deeply into your own mind and ask yourself if this type of response makes you feel good or bad.
Please note that the "n word" as used here is prohibited.
I don't think anyone asked for your (hateful) opinion.
Look within and ask yourself if this type of response makes you feel good or bad, but be honest with yourself.
"Retarded" as used pejoratively here offends the mentally disabled and their families
This was a great discussion until the last line. I guess the answer is no, they don't have any date, just insults.
Using that term is a sign weakness and exposes the inefficacy of your arguments.
Do not use hateful racial words in your posts
You are an adult. Try to sound like one.
I find it ironic that you say miniscule, and you use such insulting words, what are you overcompensating for?
Avoid using sexual slurs in response to posts on this feed.
"You're,learned,can't,I'm,don't, didn't" Best in Brittain you say? Jane's son is tremendously busy and hasn't thought of you two at all.
Avoid using inappropriate language when responding to posts.
There are other words you can use to express your opinion.
I find that word offensive, so I will see you next Tuesday....
Do not use racial slurs when voicing your opinions.
Your language needs to be taken up a notch. Try to sound like you know what you are talking about.
I thought we would finally have a conversation that didn't involve the N or F word. I stand corrected, I shouldn't have expected so much.
Stop that, its sexist
stop with the negative racial slurs.
i dont think your statements are very acurate
stop calling women names.
Stop negative sexual profiling.
i think mybe there are different words that could be used in this sense
Stop calling people names and advocating violence.
why would you use this word to describe someone?
Avoid using racially driven language. Refrain from using religious names in a derogatory sense.  AVoid using strong and offensive wording.
I would love to see how you look when not hiding behind an anime profile pic
People of all races have moral issues, not just Jewish.
Refrain from using the word "retarded" due to it's offensive nature.   Do not use the word "jesus" inappropriately.
This is the most childish "debate" I've ever been witness to
Avoid using the word 'poor" in a discriminatory context.  Avoid using the word "faggot", it offends certain demographics.
You can express how "tough" you are without being homophobic
Refrain from using the word "faggot", which is insulting to individuals with homosexual preferences.
Wow. How creative /s
Let's not trivaliase people's sexuality for fun.
Avoid using terms that are derogatory towards homosexuality.
You hating on LGBT people every two seconds doesn't make you sound too rational
People have a right to practice their sexuality.
And we shouldn't joke with stuff like people's race. It hurts.
I understand the point you are trying to make but when you use a word like that it is hard to listen to you.
Keep your opinion constructive, no need for hate labels.
It's hard to take you seriously when you use a word like that.
That word makes it difficult for me to want to communicate with you further.
Threats of violence against another person are not allowed.
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is offensive to female. it is a direct attack to the female body
Both of you need manners and should worry about your own backyard.
Offensive language targeted at someone based on their religion is not allowed.
calling someone a faggot is an attack to their sexual orientation
Just because he doesnt agree with what you do, do you have to call him that and refer to him as that?
Race-based hate is not allowed.
People have not been considered 3/5ths humans since the Emancipation Proclamation in 1865.
Offensive language based on one's sexual orientation are not allowed. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
using the word faggot is a direct attack to one's sexual orientation
I dont think being a faggot means you dont stand up for your race.
Why do you feel the need to degrade people by calling them such names when all they're trying to promote is there website. Have some class
Hard to take you seriously when you use homophobic slurs.
No matter how bad of a person she is no woman deserves to be called a queen "cunt"
Using misogynistic slurs isn't really helping make your point.
What does the news anchorman from FoxNews have anything to do with a bomber? No correlation. Don't get mad at people for no reason
There's really no point in using ableist slurs like that.
Nobody said anything to you yet you decided to open your mouth and say bad things? what advantage does that give you?
There's no reason to use racial slurs like that.
you are not a human for the way you are degrading others so much. humans have a heart and a soul
Using homophobic slurs doesn't make you seem intelligent.
Avoid using racial slurs when voicing a complaint.
She had a bad attitude but that doesnt mean you have the right to insult that woman, she is someones mother, respect others.
Do not use vulgar racial terms when responding to posts.
Express your opinions, thats fine, but do not insult others and emit racial comments.
Do not use disabilities as a means of insulting others.
Immigration sure is a problem but why call them aliens or generalize that all democrats are retarded, thats just disrespectful and wrong.
Avoid using vulgar hateful messages when posting.
Do not use vulgar racial slurs when talking about individuals.
If you dont like Obama thats ok, but when you start with the insults you are not only offending a former President but many people.
The stereotypes to describe Jews and Muslims is wrong. also, the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled.
Muslims follow a set of outdated, patriarchical rules like a literal reading of christianity. That does not mean every Muslim is bad.
There is no reason to be so hateful of people because of their sexuality. You can express yourself without being hateful.
Using 'faggot' is a direct attack to one based on their sexual orientation
This was a perfectly good post until you showed up, user 2. Take your hate speech to church. If you wouldn't say it there, maybe reconsider.
The word 'retarded' is offensive. Its insensitive towards people who have mental illnesses
There's nothing wrong with being liberal or intellectually disabled, but I suspect that this man is neither.
Its inappropriate to use 'retard' since it directly attacks people based on their mental disabilities.
Literally everything is dictated by social consensus. You are moving away from the herd and you will be trampled by it.
Bless you. I have seasonal allergies as well. Claritin keeps them in check though.
Everyone has the right to their opinion its called free speech
The tragedy here is the left do not have Down Syndrome and The Right keeps implying that they do.
It's just a movie, which received great ratings
Hey, at least you got your money back. That's a positive in a wall of negative. I wish I could get time refunded as well!
If only our eyes saw souls instead of bodies.
Conservative politics cannot be productively discussed and promoted by spewing vulgar, immoral and sub-standard narratives.
I never knew so much racism, sexism and vulgarity could fit into one tiny space.
The use of slurs against religion and sexual orientation are not necessary.
2 ignorant things in one post, amazing user 1.
Dyke is kind of offensive.
Using a derogatory racial term does not make the statement more valid.
Your obviously to stupid to look outside the box.
No need to use race.
This is a direct attack on someone's sexual orientation.
Atleast the man stood up for himself, can you say the same about yourself.
Using someone's sexuality is not right.
Attacking someone for their sexual orientation is rude and unnecessary.
What right do you have to interfere with their beliefs?
Using someone's sexuality is inappropriate and doesn't justify them.
This is an awful use of a racial term to dehumanize a person.
Everyman is different there is just as much white beast as black ones. More probably.
Someone's race doesn't define who they are. Not everyone the same race is the same.
There's always more to a story, let's wait for details before jumping to such drastic conclusions.
Despite your concerns, the words you use are bitter so please use more care in the comments.
And it's why this place will be shut down soon. Perhaps you could control your hate speech enough to save it.
That does not in any way relate to the obesity epidemic.
Please use language that is more amiable as the words you have used are wounding.
White people make up most of the obese. It must help you to imagine otherwise, but your language makes you lesser.
Everyone has their own motivations, whether true or misguided. That doesn't have to mean that they're dumb.
Please limit your input to words that are not hateful.
You could learn better grammar from the learning disabled. Also, that word reveals your fear of women. You need help.
It's a matter of whether or not people want to interact with you when you use such charged diction.
Please use restraint in your language as it is offensive.
Such language might send you there too.
Please refrain from the unkind language and regard others' feelings with your words.
Nah, the learning disabled can do better than that. You guys might just be more special than you think.
Please use words that are kind and not disrespectful to others.
I cannot understand you. Please try to talk like an adult.
It's hard to understand your point when all you use is offensive language.
Please do not use unkind words in your speech, but instead find language that is caring for others.
You need to be more civil in your language. Try to use adult terms.
I don't really think homophobic language is really adding to the conversation.
Please do not say rude things about someone because it hurts their feelings.
If you want people to listen to intelligent music, try using intelligent descriptive words.
Hard to take you seriously when you think it's okay to use racial slurs to make a point.
Please do not use objectionable words to express your opinions but instead be objective in what bothers you.
Try to be civil when describing things. People will take you seriously then.
Your use of offensive racial slurs undermines anything you were trying to say.
Using homophobic slurs isn't really contribution.
This man is probably not a homosexual so there's no reason to use that word as an insult.
I can't take you seriously when you use homophobic slurs.
That word is so highly offensive. I don't see any reason to use it as it only takes away from your message.
Using racial slurs to try and make a point is senseless.
That is a highly degenerate world view and I hope one day you mature and feel ashamed of yourself.
It really makes you seem ignorant when you use racial slurs.
Only you shouldn't... Because it's a highly offensive word. Be a better person.
Hard to understand what you're saying when you use misogynistic language.
I understand your feelings of injustice but there's no reason to generalize all women with such an offensive term.
Using the N word is offensive do not use it. Your argument would have been more persuasive if you didn't use such nasty language.
It is hard to listen to your perspective when you use slurs.
No one's wife deserves this kind of degradation. This woman deserves to be respected.
Not all people that are Muslim are extremists which makes your labeling of this inaccurate.
Language like that makes your argument invalid.
There's no need to generalize people of his same religious background, just because you don't like this person.
Instead of insulting each other you could try to educate each other on what you think is right. Using offensive language is not necessary.
It is a poor reflection of your character when you use that sort of language.
Let's act like adults. There's no need to subjugate ourselves to childish insults.
Hating someone because of their religion is wrong. Someone being Jewish is not attacking your race. White people can be Jewish as well.
Using language like that detracts from your argument.
You can promote your quiz all you want, but there's no need to promote the abominations that Nazi's committed.
If people love each other it does not matter what race they are. Using offensive language is not necessary and doesn't help your argument.
It's hard to understand your point of view if you use those words.
This is a free country, people are allowed to marry who they want, regardless of their racial background.
If liberals were retards, they wouldn't be liberals. Retard is a strong word to use.
Do not use mental disabilities as a form of hate.
Debt doesn't make someone a cunt.
Your post uses speech that denigrates gender and sex, which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
You should not use sexual terms in the form of an insult.
Using cunt as a word won't make a woman what you say she is.
Please do not use inappropriate language towards individuals when responding.
A religion isn't something you should use as name calling, that is quite offensive.
Avoid using hateful terms when voicing on religious affiliations.
His sexuality doesn't define what he can and cannot do for the government. Using words like faggot are meaningless.
Do not post if your are going to use vulgar language to insult others.
Stop bullying due to racism and sexuality!
Racist and homophobic slurs are unwelcome and offensive. Please refrain or you will be reported
User 3 should refrain from using faggot and nigger since the words attack one based on their race and sexual affiliation.
Stop the racist and sexual preference remarks!
Racist and homophobic slurs are unwelcome and reflect poorly on yourself. Please refrain so that all can comment
The word Nigger attacks one based on their race while faggot attacks a person's sexual orientation.
Stop the bullying of sexuality and medical diseases.
the words 'butch dyke mongoloid' directly attack the female homosexuals. refrain from such words
Stop bashing political ideology, religions and medical conditions too!
Xenophobic attacks are uncalled for and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and keep your opinions to yourself
Its wrong to use stereotypes to attack one based on their religion and sexual orientations.
The n word is offensive and hurts others, please stop it.
The word 'nigger' might be considered to be offensive and racists. Refrain from using such a word
the use of the word 'retarded' is inappropriate and offensive because it directly attacks people with mental disabilities
Respect others beliefs, insulting and demeaning others will get you nowhere and you end up offending a lot of people.
The use of the word 'faggot' is a direct attack to one's sexual orientation. Refrain from such words.
Offensive language based on disabilities and race is not allowed. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Stop with the fight, racism will only make things worse.
Use of the word 'nigga' is racists and offensive. Its a direct attack to a person based on their race
offensive language based on race and, genitalia is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language.
If you dont like or appriciate art, thats ok and your opinion is valued, just dont insult others.
the words 'fags and retarded' are inappropriate as they attack a person based on their sexual orientation and mental illness
Lay off the improper language please and start using words that are more affable.
can we just say nationality names correctly
Your opinions seem to express hatred so please reconsider your language and use words that are genial.
I bet he is a great teacher
Please avoid the bellicose comments and inspire with more encouraging words.
Please think about your position and evaluate the hurtful words you have used as they are very offensive.
Using someones race, religion, sexual orientation, or gender is considered hate speech and is not acceptable in this forum.
Your mother must have neglected you as a child if you believe it's an insult to be compared to the organ that gives life to all humans.
Complete rant, both sexist and ethnicity based.
Surely there's a better way to use your right to free speech than slinging profanity.
Blaming all of the worlds woes and all of your shortcomings on a scapegoat is laughable.
his sexuality doesnt matter
That's not a correct statement about Evola's sexual orientation. If you're trying to insult him, you could say he's dull or annoying.
respect others opinions in open forum
Nothing is gained by calling other people names that belittle the real struggles and challenges of individuals with mental disabilities.
Adding sexual references is completely off topic.
if we punish her for her wrongs we cant shame her with her own wrong
Bastardizing her name for its Afrocentrism, assuming a "hood" background is being racist to retaliate to racism. 2 wrongs don't make a right
That's pretty narrow view on religion.
you have to walk closely with the word to be able to judge what u will n will not do
Just like you can't say all Christians are violent killers just because of the Crusades, not all Muslims believe in the ISIS mission.
You are just trying to find excuse for your extremist views.
we can remain on topic fundraising is equal for all parties
These words have centuries of negative connotations related to subordination of an entire group. Show others the acceptance you didn't get.
Please use words like stupid when defining actions you disagree with.
Your argument would be a lot stronger if you didn't use such an offensive word.
Refrain from using racial terms when defining someones intelligence as they are irrelevant to your argument.
Please do not use derogatory racist terms, it can be very offensive and hurtful to black people.
When you use a word like that it invalidates your entire point.
This can be seen as a racial slur as it implies a racial stereotype. You could be more general.
I would be more open to discussing this if you didn't use a word like that.
Sexual orientation should not be used as an derogatory term, instead explain why you don't like what he did instead.
Please stop using homophobic slurs, they can be very offensive to certain people, especially those that are gay themselves.
It's hard to understand your argument when you use language like that.
Refrain from using mental handicaps as a measure of intelligence. Instead you could comment on his proposed lack of common sense another way
Please consider how your ableist language could affect someone with a serious disability and stop using that term.
It doesn't help your argument to use words like those.
Please don't refer to people in such a manor, you never know who you could be offending.
Don't use sexual slurs.
Just because someone is different than you doesn't mean they are less of a person.
Discrimination of any kind is not tolerated. Please refrain from mocking people from a certain sexual orientation or ethnic background.
Don't use sexual and religious slurs.
Stereotyping people based on race is no different than making fun of people just because of their favorite food.
The entire situation was a very delicate matter, there is no need for name calling.
Do not use political and sexual slurs.
Just because someone has a different political opinion doesn't mean their opinion is less valid than yours.
Everybody's life is important, please refrain from using such derogatory terminology.
Stop using slurs against ethnicity.
There is never a need to shame another human being in the manor that you did.
Do not use sexual slurs.
Just because someone likes men doesn't mean they deserve hate. They are not hurting you.
We can discuss issues with ideologies without using slurs that put down those with mental disabilities. They're people too.
Trying to make intelligent arguments while making fun of the mentally disabled is counterproductive.
Do not use medical conditions as an insult to others when posting.
That word has a stronger connotation in many places than you may believe. Your point is more coherent without it.
I assume comparing them to a female body part makes you less afraid of them.
Avoid using sexual remarks as insults on posts.
Referring to Obama using slurs only worsens your own image. If you must, insult his policies and leadership instead.
If you are trying to prove your superiority, trying rising above racial slurs to make an educated point.
Do not use racist terms or post hate towards ethnicity on posts.
Hatred or disdain for particular groups will do nothing to aid in getting your ideology across to less niche groups than just yourselves.
You were doing so well with your rhetoric until you fell into the pit of insulting the mentally disabled.
Do not use anti Semitic  terms, and do not use medical conditions as an insult on posts.
We should discuss in detail why you still believe this word is acceptable to say let alone use as an insult.
Think of a way to voice your dislike of the event without sounding like a scared, ignorant fool.
Avoid using sexual terms as forms of hate speech.
The basement analogy is always the go-to for people who don't take the time to think their thoughts out.
Try using another expression other than an offensive vagina term.
With a response like that, I can GUARANTEE you the people that get hired for this job can do it a thousand times better than you.
Showing ignorance with derogatory racial slurs doesn't help your case.
If only your response made any kind of cohesive points. Using words like ''faggot'' shows how little your opinion means in any context.
This is offensive and hurtful to all homosexuals and unacceptable in conversation.
Please don't be insulting towards a person's sexual preference, even if you disapprove.
I'm pretty sure Harvard doesn't care what race they enroll. Only bigots like you do.
Referring to a woman with that disgusting term only makes you seem unintelligent.
Fixing your problems with guns is the simplest solution for simple-minded people like you, which also explains your vocabulary.
This veiled threat of violence and use of the term is hurtful and offensive.
Being insulting towards one's sexual preference only makes you look bad.
If you're so adamant about free speech, you should listen to those who you hate as well.
Hate speech and racism isnt going to make things right or solve problems.
Anti-semitism and racism will not be tolerated. Repeat transgressions will lead to an IP ban.
There's nothing wrong with having musical preferences, it's a bit silly to be elitist about it.
Insults are the worst way to make your  point, it makes you look bad and its offensive to others.
We left homophobia in the last century. Catch up or catch a ban.
If you guys want to stop being accused of being trolls, start using language that makes you look mature.
Stop it, why do you fight? you are both wrong and shouldnt use that language, its offensive to us all.
Homophobia will not be tolerated, even if it is mirroring another user's language. Keep that kind of language off the site.
Immature bigot incoming, look out.
Do you feel important using the n word? its really offensive, stop it with that.
Look out for a permaban if you use such racist language in the future.
Its ok if you want to express your opinion but you dont have to be offensive about it.
Ableist language like this do not help your case. If you continue to use it you will be banned from the site permanently.
Insulting someone based on their sexual orientation is unacceptable.
No need to get dirty with the language, bruv. Let's move forward with positive discourse.
I know a lot of people who would pay to see a lesbian, but that isn't really the subject here.
Insulting someone based on an intellectual deficit is wrong and hurtful.
Perhaps you could focus more on making your point clear and less on inserting random slurs.
Well importing anyone who isn't a good law abiding citizen would harm any country.
Insulting someone based on an intellectual deficit is unacceptable.
Just say 'unintelligent enough' or 'stupid enough'
Language that denigrates someone's sexual orientation is not acceptable.
I don't think using that kind of language is going to help resolve your question, buddy.
For some reason someone thinks you want to see that stuff. I would try to block them.
This is a highly offensive word that offends a large section of humanity.
Whether they are gay or not is their business, but they should know I will accept them regardless, as should you.
Why use that word? Come on, dude.
Offending homosexuals and a religion at once is not acceptable discourse.
There is nothing wrong with the Jewish or the Haitians. They both make delightful neighbors.
Lets not use this type of language, guys. Keep it civil.
The Zulu people have a proud and respectable culture, and deserve more than to be referred to with vile hate.
You know better than using that ridiculous terminology.
The use of the term retarded is no longer acceptable in decent communication.
While I have trouble with the boomers, the majority of them aren't intellectually disabled. Those boomers died quietly in institutions.
This is plain vulgarity and offensive to most people.
Torba's gender is their business, and not yours. For that matter, you are also not in line to comment on their ethnicity or sexuality.
Why use derogatory terms? Come on.
You do not have to listen to anything that angers you
Stop using political slurs and medical disease putdowns!
The word retard is too strong, it can be really hurtful and a metal disability isnt something to mock.
All people are entitled to their opinion
Stop bashing peoples' sexual preferences!
That vocabulary is really bad, you offend the LGTB community and others with your words.
You can still be racist if you talk to a black person
Stop with the racist and political rants!
Sinead O'Connor is gay so she is not doing this to find a husband. Please get your facts straight before engaging in an argument.
Stop with the religious ,gender, and nationality hatred.
Your text is not only despective to woman but it is really racist, too bad on you.
The judges sexual preference is not up for debate
stop with the sexual putdowns.
I agree with your opinion but I think the word faggot is plain wrong and shouldnt be used.
While we all have our own political views in this country it would be much nicer if we didn't use hateful racist words to get our point out.
Yeah because im sure you dont have any immigrants in your family.
It is inappropriate to refer to people as "wetbacks" or "trash".  They are hispanic and/or low income.
Let's avoid using racial slurs to get our ideas across.
Well good thing we are not a White Nationalist nation.
I don't like it when anyone of any race uses the N word.  It has such a negative connotation.
Whoa, were going back to the dark ages here. You can all get your point across without sexist /racist remarks.
Im not sure which of you is more ignorant, but im sure that you both are.
I don't understand why you have to use the N word or refer to people as Kike's.  You should learn to refer to them in appropriate terms.
Well, using that language isn't going to get anything done but fueling the fire for more racism.
Samuel Jackson has done more for white people than you ever will.
Cuss words are not necessary but I can handle them, what I don't approve of is the use of the N word or the use of faggots
You can make your point without sexist labels.
Stop bashing religious choices!
you must really hate everyone...is there something that happen you would like to talk about?
People are allowed to believe what they choose to believe. These are the principles our country was founded on.
stop hating on peoples' political choices or medical conditions!
please look up different words to use when describing someone.
While I appreciate political discussion, both of you need to stop using intelligence as an insult. Intelligence doesn't determine worth.
stop bashing political choices and medical conditions.
look at the way you talk, nobody will take your opinions seriously.
Being intellectually disabled is not a negative thing, nor is it relevant to the discussion here.
Stop insulting sexual and political choices.
thats a way right there o get your account locked and IP blocked, thank you and have a good day.
Your mother would likely be horrified to hear how casually you mention  sexual acts with one's parents. People should respect their mothers.
Avoid using disabilities in a vulgar way
be nice
Stop bullying strong women!
Do not use religion as a way to insult a group in that religious group
Stop racist and religious bashing!
Stop using racist terms and sexual terms in your posts.
dont be mean
Stop with the racism and threats of violence!
Avert yourself from using racist comments in your posts
blacks are nice too
I think your comment would be very offensive to religious people and is largely unnecessary.
you can have your own beliefs but maybe not blurt them out like this?
I dont believe in religion but you shouldnt mock others beliefs, you should respect them and let them be.
I find your comments to be ageist and the use of the "R" word is not ok in this day and age!
You are being racist, you wouldnt like for others to mess with your race so respect others.
Your racist remarks in your comment do nothing but spread hate. Some day all this hate will come back to you!
this is not the right choice of words to use for this statement
The kid was innocent, he didnt diserve getting shot, thats a terrible thing to say just imagine the pain of the parents.
The "r" word is very offensive to those with intellectual disabilities and your homophobic language is unnecessary!
have you ever seen a drag show? i suggest go see one before judging them they are really good.
You are being disresectful not only to LGTB but also to muslims, you should mind your words.
The "R" word is not ok in this day and age, it is offensive to those with intellectual disabilities!
if thats how you feel then maybe you shouldnt be looking at the persons page?
Please don't insult people because of their sexual orientation.
Language that reflects a bias against a particular race is not permitted.
Posts that insult a person based on race or sexual orientation are unacceptable.
Stop saying things like that, its antisemetic, racist and homophobic
Please show more respect; that type of comment about people's sexual orientation is not appropriate.
Denigrating someone's sexual orientation is not ok.
Stop saying things like that, its homophobic and sexist
Stop bashing political, religious and sexual choices!
I'm not sure how you find your argument cohesive when you contradict yourself with your attempts of insults.
please refrain from using derogatory comments. It is hurtful and unwelcome.
Stop name calling on a gender bias!
your use of racist slurs is uncalled for and unwelcome. Please show some respect for women and refrain
Stop slamming races and religions!
the homophobic slurs are uncalled for and unwanted. Please keep these kind of comments to yourself regardless of political views
Stop with the sexual choice bias!
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of intelligence.
the racist views expressed here are not widely accepted and do not reflect the values of most. Please refrain from using this kind of talk
Stop abusing people for their race and nationality.
Using racial slurs to try to drag someone down doesn't mean that you win the argument.
So much for being a contributing, productive member of society. *eyeroll*
I am an immigrant like most Americans, with the exception of full blooded Native American.
It's really sad that your hate has made you unable to enjoy football.
Nah, NFL has always been an acronym for Not For Long. Players have to do something other than car and real estate sales.
I think football players should be happy.And I had no idea bundled wood for use as fuel had its own league.
All kinds of people are deserving of your respect and have the right to live, even disabled people.
Show me on the doll where The IRS hurt you.
You are to be commended I didn't know taxpayers could choose who their money goes to.
Attacking and demonizing other people's preferences just reinforces the culture of shame we have in this country.
I really have no idea what is going on but every picture does speak a thousand words.
My oh my I wish children like yourselves would learn to be nicer to each other.
We don't use that word anymore because of its painful context during slavery and the years following.
Being several layers of different ancestry like Neopolitan ice cream is why those DNA tests exist. No one on the planet is 100% anything.
Well if you are Christian take heart we all descend  from Noah.
No need to use that terminology, even if you disagree with her.
I know you are just trying to take a jab at Hillary, but the word you used is incredibly offensive to an entire community of people.
You have plenty of insults but no solutions here.
I understand you are expressing emotions towards liberals but you need to pick better words that aren't offensive to other communities!
Hate crimes like this are not welcome here.
violent threats based on race is not allowed.
This language you have used is incredibly offensive and you should think about changing your word choice in the future.
Offensive language based on sexual orientation is not allowed. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
The language you used offends an entire community of people, whether you realize this or not! You need to find better words to use.
man you shold really think about others before you speak
That's one narrow minded view of Florida politics.
there are so many different words that can be used for this.
xenophobic and racist slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Simplifying everything to racism, nothing to see here.
wow you just made yourself look drunk
I suppose that is higher art expression for you, racism.
why would you belittle anyone like this?
Ordinary racism, nothing to see here.
Another word you might use is stupid. Less offensive.
For someone insulting another person intelligence you sure do spell poorly.
Black would be a better word to get your point across.
get rid of the comment because it used the n word  possibly send out a warning email
No one is interested in hearing statistics from the twilight zone.
delete the comment
The people you are dragging through the mud pay taxes.
Stupid or dumb would be more acceptable here.
idk  maybe no intervention  everyone seems to be in agreement
I bet you would have a problem with the word retard if you grandkid had a mental disability.
You can express your anger without the terrible language.
You're opinion would fall on less deaf ears if it sounded like you knew how to read.
This does not make a point or add any input
There is no reason to be rude to someone you know nothing about.
You have no idea what you are talking about. Someone having sick habits has nothing to do with religion.
Name calling will not do anything to help convince this other person. You cannot argue someone into belief.
I'm just here for the comments lol.
Try a different word. If your goal is to offend you do not have to use this name.
ok... moving on.
These names and words do nothing to further the conversation. They just make you seem silly.
No one cares what you think so go back to your life.
Your "broad" view of WW2 history is just pure conjectures, fueled by obvious racial and ethnic hate.
I don't think you needed to point that out.
Stick to the facts and politics, leave "humanity" labeling out of it.
Yup, evolution still applies to homosexuals, I hate to burst your bubble.
I think you get my point.  No need for the nasty language.
I support good hygiene as much as the next guy. Not sure why you have to put it in such vulgar terms.
Wow, that is a really offensive word.  People might take you more seriously if you scaled it back a bit.
You know, there's a possibility that one of your great ancestors was a successful black woman. You really think she'd be happy hearing this?
Wow! You defend her education and still use racial slurs to describe her. Obviously you are not as educated as she.
I hope you know that nobody is going to take your conversation seriously with all of the racist words.
This thread took a wrong turn somewhere around where the name calling began.
It's kinds hard to follow the conversation because I keep finding myself getting distracted by some of the disrespectful language.
Very nice. Have fun with your free speech as I screenshot this to your parents. Have a nice day.
Not a very articulate statement on your part.
Yeah, she's probably not the smartest woman in the world, but you got to back off that word choice.  It's really offensive.
Usually, one's entire anatomy runs for office.
I think most of us would rather not have individuals muddy our party with inaccurate stereotypes of how we all speak.
Leave your mom out of this!
I love big Jewish stores. They seem to have the most unique products.
One fact is, there is never a point in using such slang. It defeats and discounts the statement.
FYI, the cerebral cortex is located north of primary sex organs. Hope your genes (and jeans) got the message.
I don't agree with Pelosi yet I really cannot agree with anyone who doesn't articulate proper English in a civil manner regarding politics.
Looks like your word processor auto-corrected "forgot."
I didn't ask your sexual orientation, thanks for sharing, now... Moving right along to the discussion...
Just because someone is different than you doesn't mean their opinion is invalid.
You both sound like deeply troubled people.
Just because someone wrote a different opinion than you doesn't mean that yours is better.
Nobody cares what you think.
Just because someone has a different lifestyle than you doesn't mean they deserve their hate. They are a person too.
It sounds like you do care, otherwise you wouldn't be complaining so hatefully.
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. or you will be reported
Just because people have different opinions doesn't mean their opinion is less than yours.
Your point is given less legitimacy when you start to use slurs.
Everyone has a reason for doing what they do. You don't know them well enough to judge.
Using slurs against mentally challenged people isn't as funny as you think it is.
So let's not continue the childish conversation and talk about the big picture here.
please remember this is a leaked letter which may not be true, so we have to give Feinstein the benefit of the doubt until proven
There are other words you could use to describe someone.
Speaking of the dead in this way is disrespectful. Nobody is perfect but we weren't there so who knows.
The tupac online story if far from the truth, you will find in reality tupac served the community for all races a lot
Try a little harder to keep the terrible language to a minimum.
Kavanaugh situation was awful for him and his family, but don't forget the Democrats used those women for political gains.
Mexican Immigrants serve a lot of the labour jobs in the USA, without them the country would struggle, we should respect them
Terrible way to express yourself. Try to find another more adequate way next time.
I wish this word was erased from our brains.
By all means voice your opinion but spurring racial hatred will not help at all
Try again. Do not be offensive in your language.
Kavanaugh was innocent in my opinion, but getting this point across using such immature language isn't the answer.
I understand your frustration, Schumer may have done wrong but no need to wish death on them, give them a chance to fix it
You need to find a less offensive word for the female body part.
Nigger isn't a cool term to be using here. Stop it. It's racist.
essentially screaming slurs makes you sound insecure in your argument, please treat all, even those you disagree with, with respect
Use of the N-word is never acceptable in speech.
Terms like faggot aren't acceptable here. Stop talking like that. You can do better.
your concern for your own country is valid but assigning slurs to people you disagree with is childish
The use of a word that derides an entire group because of their sexual orientation is below the pale.
I am sure you think of a better word than cunt. Stop it. You're smarter than that.
Referring to people by their names shows them respect. while this might seem bad, it will make you look better
Slur that offends all woman is unacceptable language here.
This entire statement is just false and ignorant. I don't see how MLK was a copycat
Your words are only mean and have no meaning or proof behind them. They do not allow discussion and people will not believe them.
I hope that you can learn to just accept that people have different views instead of pulling out all of the shocking words you can think of
Your comment would have been okay without certain derogatory words.  Your opinion is your opinion.
You didn't use seven proxies. Your joke isn't funny. You are trying so hard to get people to like you when you could just be decent
Bragging about being hateful does nothing. Try being more positive
What a well crafted and intricate response
Just because someone disagrees does not mean or give you permission to use this language
Avert yourself from using disabilities as an insult and calling others vulgar sexual terms.
There are better ways to get your point across without attacking someone and bringing yourself down #stayabove
Stop using others disabilities as an insult.
You don't know they're a boomer. Don't assume they are just because their opinion is different to yours.
Stop using disabilities and racial slurs in your posts.
That view is plainly racist. Be an individualist!  You don't want to be pigeonholed too!
Resist using sexual slurs against individuals in your posts.
Sounds like rumours. Get a better reason to dislike him other than him being gay.
Lets refrain from using descriptors that attack someone else's character, regardless of who is right #stayabove
Stop using vulgar language pertaining to race and religion.
Address you views as all those you're hating on outnumber you. These people are better as allies than enemies.
Refrain from using descriptors that are offensive to others character.
I thought only Antifa endorsed such terminology. Fairly certain of it.
Name calling something you disagree with isn't helping anyone.
its not ok to say this regardless of freedom of speech think about others before you say certain words
Social justice warriors are fueled by foul language. Let's not stoop to their level.
I don't think either party would want endorsement by either of you. A little class and a lot of intelligence is what's needed to #MAGA
Name calling people with different races or beliefs isn't helping the world.
wow just wow i couldve thought of so many different ways to go about this
The introduction of religion into any statement regarding politics is counterproductive and demonstrates a true ignorance of politics.
the fact that you would base someones work on them being of a certain group is wrong beyond so many levels
While I agree with you, I feel compelled to relay that Flake is not a homosexual.
Judging people based on their beliefs doesn't make yours any better.
why would you go about this in this manner?
redneck is a terrible word its racist and really offensive to others.
What you are condoning is mass murder, and a stereotypical representation of Appalachians.
Sounds like that hit a nerve. You don't have to threaten people to get your point across and in fact it makes you look dumb.
Please do not insult others, your words are really offensive and racism is never justified, respect others.
You've fallen deep down the rabbit hole. Furthermore, needing meds does not disqualify you from rational discussion.
If this is seriously the only way you can talk about yourself I feel sorry for you. Maybe we should change the subject.
So what if his wealthy and you dont like him, that doesnt  mean you have to insult him.
Please don't discredit the gay by using the f-word. Resign it to social nonstatus, it's the only way to suffocate hate speech.
Lol at your typo, come on man you can do better than that.
Though there is nothing wrong with being intellectually disabled, the Pope has to undergo significant education and qualifications.
Okay then. Apparently you don't have anything better to say.
That word is offensive, the LGTB community must be respected.
Why are you so angry, I wonder. I wish I could help you. Please be nicer to gay people and cigarettes.
When you use offensive language it invalidates your entire point.
I understand you are trying to make a point but I can't listen when you use a word like that.
Using a word like that reflects poorly on you.
Yeah, because that was totally warranted. Being a hater on the internet is really sad.
Guess that answered the question lol. But seriously, calm down, it's not that serious.
It is hard to understand your argument when you use offensive language.
Geez, let them have their own opinions. At least ask them why first
Someones sexual preference has nothing to do with you nor does it affect you somehow. l;Why dont you ask him any question you may have?
Stereotyping a whole group of people based on their race and beliefs is narrow minded. Every person is different.
So what if he is a black gay man. No one cares what he does in his bedroom or the color of his skin. He is a great major for Bridgeport
Jews are just as important as you and I are. Jews played important role in history and they are important to GOD>
Name calling another person doesn't solve any problems.
I have a name.
This is not even important to care about blood line, what should matter is that we need to learn and try to understand every culture
Name calling a person based on proven science doesn't make you look very good.
This is were I start ignoring you. You are afraid I am right about the DNA percentage
I hope that you never have to experiance AIDS, that is horrible. To wish that upon someone, is evil. You must not mean that, I pray you dont
Just because someone has a different opinion doesn't mean they deserve to die.
I would watch what you say, what comes goes around comes around. Just saying
That word inferring to african americans has a history of hurt and ignorance attached. It is never ok to say or use that word, ever.
Judging someone based on their race is a waste of time. We're all human beings.
So your saying you can't compete.
Don't really see how offensive racist/misogynistic commentary is adding to the discussion.
I really dont have a way to validate an arguement using those descriptions
I find it very demoralizing that even after WWII there is still so much hatred toward a group of people. They did nothing to you.
Using racial slurs is no way to get a point across.
I do recall the united states using black men as soldiers for that war. and those stories have never been verified.
This is such an uneducated and offensive comment. You really need to grow as a person.
was there really any use repeating the previous line with a slur?
There's no reason to use such a term. I wonder if you feel a little less small when you insult an entire group of people in that way.
Don't really see a reason for using homophobic slurs.
I cant pick out your arguement in the midst of all those slurs?
You shouldn't use such offensive language just because you're angry at some stranger on the internet. It's hurtful to people.
I find it hard to discuss this with you when you use a word like that.
I was unaware that you were psychic.
Student should respect their teacher more.
I understand you have a point to make but it's difficult to understand when you use that sort of language.
Fifty years ago called. They want their ethnic slurs back.
I am sorry to see that you are uninterested in engaging in real debate.
I love the movie planet of the apes
Using that kind of language invalidates whatever point you are trying to make.
What a brave new world we live in where twats can speak.
retard is not a nice word
Stop it with the bad language, just because you dont like Jazz hands doesnt mean you have to disrespect others.
It's not cool to call  someone thot, even yourself. C-word is very offensive
Amy Schumer makes more money than you ever will, if that is "dumb", count me in!
your language is offensive to others, if you have a problem with Amy Schumer then you can express it without insults.
Calling muslims evil scum will not be tolerated here
Jihad is no different from Westboro babtist church, but Christianity doesn't get a bad name. Islam is about love not hate. Educate yourself.
There can be innocent people, you dont know why some of those persons are in that situation.
I find that word faggot very rude, please don't use it in my presence
If that's all you can come up with, you are the child of the conversation. Don't interject in subjects you don't understand.
Both show disrespect towards others, I dont agree with the opinion of User 2 but I dont use insults to say this.
This post is offensive to Muslims and women and is inappropriate. It is hate speech and will be reported.
Racist and language that promotes hate towards a religion is not allowed.
Lets use a different word that doesn't hurt people
"Faggot" is hate speech and is offensive and inappropriate. It will be reported.
I understand this is a sensitive issue, but there are plenty of other words we can use here
The word "cunt" is hate speech and offensive. It will be reported.
Let's not attack an entire group of people. If this is what you have to say, keep it to yourself.
This is hate speech. It is attacking Jewish women. Also, the word "nigger" here is offensive, inappropriate and a racial slur. Reported!
Racist language is not allowed nor is homophobic language.
That word has a long and dark history and is not tolerated on this forum
The word "nigger" is a racist slur and hate speech. It is offensive and inappropriate and will be reported.
It's not impressive or edgy to use a gendered slur so casually.
This term when applied to women is offensive and should not be used in intelligent discourse.
Try a different word to express your anger.
These racial stereotypes would have been inappropriate decades ago and you shouldn't be proud of using them.
Your language needs to be cleaned up. Try using proper words.
Reading up on the history of apartheid might give you more compassion for the people of South Africa.
Try to use less offensive language in your argument. Makes you look more intelligent.
You're spreading poisonous stereotypes that get real people hurt every day.
"Retarded" and "faggot" are terms of ignorance and have no place in any compelling argument.
This language is very offensive. Try not to offend so many people with it.
This is a really disrespectful way to talk about real people that you don't know.
The variants of the term "nigger" used here may offend many and so do not have a place in intelligent political discourse.
Another word that would be better used? African American.
Consider altering your language to be more compassionate as these words hurt.
It is not a post of any substance. It is hard to follow.
Please change the wording to eliminate the hate.
There is no reason to use this speech. It does not do anything. Imagine how it would feel if someone said that about you.
I see you have concerns but please use appropriate language that is not debasing.
You can say the same thing, if you must, and you can use kider language.
There is not any secret society of Jews or any other group. There are no facts to back this idea up. Do research before you post.
You using a person's ethnicity as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
Please limit the cruel language that is wounding to the innocent.
These ideas and words are not doing anything to add to your or the greater conversation. Be kind and open.
I don't want to be called that, it makes me feel disrespected
You need to find a different word to use.
That's a term that needs to be deleted from our language.
Making reference to a black person and monkeys is highly offensive, use other language like "angry"
You need to use different descriptive language.
Quit profiling stupid people by their race.
This is not a productive way to engage in conservation
Next time, try African Americans or even Blacks as a term for your language usage.
A person has a vote no matter their skin color.
This is hate speech and it's not protected under the law. If you continue I will no longer speak with you
You need to use adult terms instead of childish ones as a descriptive for people.
A disagreement in politics does not constitute use of deragotory terms.
Your language is not appropriate and unnecessarily targets children. There are better ways to get your point across
Try a different word for people who are less intelligent.
A different belief system does not constitute such hate.
This word is no longer acceptable in conversation.
And yet the Repubs voted Trump, a known sexual abuser, into office. Also, you spelled rapist wrong lol.
As much as your comment is elaborate, racist labeling just makes you immature.
You can make your point without the offensive slurs.
I wouldn't insult people with mental/physical disabilities by comparing them to this guy. Also, I'd trust a guy named Tyrone over you anyday
The use of the n-word is not acceptable and you are demeaning jewish people all in one sentence--unacceptable talk.
#Whataboutism...how substantial. Come back when you have an actual argument.
Over the top rhetoric, laden with insults, does not make any point and is unacceptable language.
Imagine being this paranoid and afraid of everyone that doesn't look like you.
Just because someone comes from a different country doesn't mean they are worth less than you.
I have to wonder if you are trying to better this country or worsen it? Can’t get any worse than this conversation..
Name calling a person you disagree with doesn't help solve anything.
Are you looking in the mirror?
That racist and offensive to muslims, stop it
Your response indicates that you are unfamiliar with Canada.
That kind of vulgar response really doesn't add anything valuable to a debate on the NAFTA deal.
Don't say those racist and homophobic things
This post would appear to be proof of Godwin's law. You can do better.
Use of that particular epithet is really unacceptable in a forum like this.
Stop that, its homophobic
Please limit responses on this thread to the topic of music.
If all you have to add is an unacceptable epithet, you really shouldn't be in the forum and should be reported.
I see that you do not like the conversation. Please explain your concerns.
Epithets like that are really unacceptable and you should be reported for removal from the forum.
Stop that, its racist and gross
Please limit responses to the posted article, not presumed effects on other countries.
That's some really filthy and unacceptable hate speech and it and you need to be reported and removed from this forum.
Stop with the religious and sexual propaganda.
I understand you're angry, but the graphic violence is a bit much.
racist comments are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported
Stop with the racism and intellect slurs!
IQ has nothing to do with race, and it's not cool to make fun of either.
Stop bullying peoples' nations, politics and medical conditions!
This is an excellent discussion, minus the hate speech, of course.
derogatory comments are wanted or needed. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Stop bullying of political choices and medical conditions.
The article could have spoken for itself without that description.
Stop pushing political and nationality propaganda.
So much hate in one thread. It's unfortunate because the argument is an interesting one.
Overgeneralizing an entire group of people based on their sexuality while using such a term is filthy.
Saying this does not express your opinion well. Use other words and more words rather than short, blunt insults.
You wouldn't know definition of a "faggot".
Those people are mothers, fathers, sons & daughters. They are no better or worse than you. You should be ashamed.
This does not actually mean anything and there is no proof of your claim.
There's no reason to use such an offensive term just because you don't like one woman.
Instead of giving insults, try being more constructive and adding to the greater conversation.
That's one illiterate post.
Please stay away from the demeaning language and try to start inspiring people instead.
Name calling is not an effective way to get valid opinions to be heard.
It should not have been criminalized, but your rant isn't making much sense.
Please don't provoke others with your words, but try to instead sway people with more amiable words.
Your response is offensive to many people, and does not reflect any original though or idea, nor does it add to the conversation.
It sounds like your doctor failed you, perhaps you could use a little witch doctor magic for your bigotry.
Eliminate the waspish language and talk to people with more tolerant words.
Unfortunately, your post simply meant to offend. It does move the conversation forward, nor add any original thoughts or ideas.
What Google has done isn't reasonable, but there's no need to sound so childish when commenting on them.
Please lay off the disgraceful language and instead be more cooperative and accommodating.
Unfortunately, your concerns are lost in the barrage of foul language and racial/ethnic slurs.
You should come up with a translator to decipher all the garbage your post spewed out.
Stay away from the cutting words and instead bring cheer to others.
Ironic to call someone full of hate while using a slur at the same time.
Using misogynistic language doesn't really add to your point.
Hitler killed millions of people but by all means feel free use words "confirmed" by Hitler.
Hitler is considered the most evil person to ever have lived, and he died by his own hand, in a bunker.  He is no example to anyone.
Please don't use that word to describe people, it is offensive to the  mentally challenged.
Retarded is an offensive term, please find a more appropriate term
Hard to take you seriously when you think it's okay to use misogynistic language like that.
That word is offensive toward people and shouldn't be used to describe someone even if they are unemployed.
The c word is misogynistic, that is, it is offensive to women. Find another word.
Sad that you think homophobic language is adding to the discussion.
Do not tell me to be quiet in a free country and do not use that vulgar language to describe my identity.
The word faggot is offensive.  Find another word if you want anyone to take you seriously.
Using homophobic slurs doesn't add anything to the discussion.
Please do not use such an inappropriate word to describe my sexuality. It is offensive and rude.
The word faggot is offensive. Nobody will take you seriously if you continue to use that word.
Perhaps you are exaggerating a bit. I've found most of the people here to be quite reasonable.
See all of the name calling isng called for. I just wonder what side of the fence you sit on.
Please don't group an entire state's worth of people together like that. Massachusetts is just like any other state.
Living in Mass has nothing to do with you want to lay down with. It is just a shame that people from the south are still small minded.
It's fine to disagree or dislike celebrities, although I think you should use less alienating language when doing so.
You should share your picture with the world and just stop fat shaming others. Her appearance has nothing to do with politics.
Let's keep this discussion civil. Using racial slurs is unnecessarily hostile.
You are the ignorant one of the conversation. I'm sorry for you but elections are no longer "Whites Only".
The only answer is to remove her at this point.
Non-whites are not the only ones who are living off the government. All nationalities have tough times.
everyone has the right to work
I am fairly sure that the UK didn't only rule the brown and black, but also the white people.
the color of someones skin has nothing to do with their personality
Hey I want a pair for my birthday!
We do stocking stuffers in my house
I hope they find her soon!
It wouldn't be so funny if it was your mother.
Trudeau is doing the best she can in a manly male occupation.
Trudeau has done more for them than you ever have.
I was thinking about moving to Canada.
Hilary really should of been in jail a long time ago.
That is someones mother. Referring to them as such is ignorant.
I find it awful when people make fun of rap victims for being unattractive or overweight.
You should get your own house in order before putting someone else down.
If the evidence talks guilt than it's probably because their guilty.
2 slurs in one comment, classic.
Perhaps we can talk about this in a more civil way in order to move forward in our discourse.
You seem jealous. Perhaps if you didn't use language that reveals how inferior you feel, people would take you seriously.
Probably just report the comment. Getting involved in this is a nonstarter.
You're probably the same guy who says 'Trump supporters aren't racist'. If you chose better language, you wouldn't be a hypocrite.
State that such language is not necessary for a conversation
Your blind hatred reveals your fear of her. Your language reveals your inferiority to her.
Thank you for proving Trump supporters are racist. You'd be able to hide it better if you chose better language.
Regardless of the context, the "n word" is such an offensive term that it should be avoided.
Hey man, don't call someone else retarded if you want to have a conversation that actually GOES anywhere
The learning disabled use more grown up language than you do. That puts you pretty low by your own standards.
"Retard" used here may cause offence to  the mentally disabled and their families
This black man has achieved more than you, most likely, and should not be insulted this way just because you disapprove of him.
When there are so many issues in the world to get mad about. You guys are getting angry about coins. Take a breath and move on
Just because someone is a different race does not mean they are less than you.
I don't know what constitutes traitor, but I find it quite traitorous to use such horrid language toward another member of your country.
no, mental illness and evil are not hereditary. There are so many cases of good coming from evil.
Name calling the people you disagree with is not going to solve anything.
While your comparison to the Ford company IS somewhat humorous, the word you used to fill in the R is not, and maybe not necessary.
Full Of Rage Dude. You don't always have to take to the internet to vent your spleen
Name calling people with different beliefs is not going to solve any problems.
Just say 'you must be stupid'. Maybe homie doesn't know what they're doing.
People have different opinions. Some people are able to discuss them without being offensive. That's the intelligent way to go.
Calling someone stupid is not going to help anything.
It is hard to understand your point when you use language like that.
When you use that language, people don't see what you're talking about. They just see you being a jerk.
I suggest you don't watch it, if it insights such hatred.
It reflects poorly on you as a person when you use words like those.
Its wrong to blame an abusive behavior on someone's melanin content.  Abuse is a complex issue that isn't so easily explained.
I didn't realize murder is cool, if the victim is someone who's preferences you don't agree with.
I'd be more open to discussing this if you didn't use such offensive language.
This issue is about animal cruelty.  It cheapens the problem to move it to something about you and your beliefs.
Exceptionally hostile response threatening human violence for a discussion about lions.
It invalidates your argument when you use those types of slurs.
Pure bred is inbred.  Everyone except native americans are an immigrant of some kind.  Read your history.
I wonder what percentage of all humans would fall into this category. It may not be racial, at all, just a headline to catch attention.
It would be easier to understand what your point is if you didn't use those types of words.
This issue is about children.  You're being selfish to try and make it about you and your problems.
While flat earthers are wrong and deluding themselves, the existence of the intellectually disabled does not warrant use as an insult.
Language that mocks someones disability is not allowed.
The term that you used here is offensive to those who suffer from psychological issues. Please don't use it..
I don't know what that means, and I'm lucky. Keep this up and I'll be reporting you to the mods.
Racism or any language that degrades a person is not allowed.
Although you are rightfully upset, please choose your words differently as to not offend the police and others.
I don't think Don deserves that. Also, I don't think failing an arbitrary test mandated by society should determine your worth.
The term that you use is not one that should be used when talking about someone you love.
I do hope you're black- otherwise stop using loan words from a culture that hasn't consented to the misappropriation.
Please do not use that racial slur against someone in order to offend them. It carries a lot of hurt for people of colour.
As an autistic person my existence is inherently worth more than as an insult. Communists and African Americans are also deserving humans.
Racism nor mocking someones disability is not allowed.
Autism should not be used as something to offend or hurt someone, as there are many people who suffer from the disorder. Please reconsider.
Death threat and sexist remarks have no place here.
Your poor grammar makes it hard to understand you, but still easily reads you as primitive sexist.
To define someone by their gender shows your narrow mindedness as people act out of their perceived norms all the time
Complete nonsense, just spewing racial and nationalist hate.
That's some poor attempt of insulting.
I think you're saying that because you don't know any people who are jewish, black, or hispanic. You are wrong to generalize
MAGA involves every color and race. Attend a rally and you will see it is rather diverse.
America has always been what you are describing as "dark" America has always been and will continue to be a melting pot.
Everyone's been hacked! MY EYES! THE LANGUAGE!
A simple question could be answered easily with use grammatically incorrect language
There are extremists of every religion. Banning Islam doesn't really have anything to do with whether evil people are born into this world.
Gentlemen, please. You're in the presence of a lady. The individual should have been executed however, so should such uncivil language.
There are ways to fight and defend your country without demeaning a religion that does not represent these actions.
takes one to know one
Thanks for the culture education! Pardon my fellow Americans. Some are clearly in need of such, so keep it coming!
Actually, they are a talented band with well known classic hits
It wouldn't. no group of people wants to be lynched. Be grateful you won't ever have to face that of reality.
I'm really confused why hangings and women are even a topic. Bots. Bots are everywhere.
A lesson would be better learned by not executing the person needing the lesson
There's nothing that your angry self can do that he can't just call the cops on you
He had a good point, yours is hard to decipher through the hate.
Seems as though user 1 has issues with standing up for him/her self
I can't tell who you hate more, gays, men, or caucasians.
It's never necessary to call names when you trying to present evidence about someone, now you are debunked
Hard to take you seriously when you're spewing hate speech!
The cia i'm sure had more education than you
I understand your skepticism of government, I don't understand your hatred of innocent employees, though.
The words you use are despicable so please clean them up.
Be a lover not a fighter
The things you say are offensive so I ask that you are more attentive to others' feelings.
Sexist words and words that degrades females are not allowed
Can we all just get along
Please offer kinder words and eliminate the hateful text.
Words that degrade females or any gender are not allowed.
Please start using more thoughtful words in your text and end the abusive ones.
You are not allowed to make fun of someones disability.
Please modify your speech because the terms you use are derogatory.
Misogynistic language doesn't really add to the discussion.
Women are not useless and if you gave us the time to show you, we're actually smart.
Words that harm someones disability are not allowed.
Hard to take you seriously when all you have to reply is an ableist slur.
Even if a name used toward the police wasn't meant to hurt a disabled person, it still does. Hearing that word harms them too.
Words that degrade someones race is not allowed.
Using racial slurs doesn't really get your point across.
Well as a human we should care about each of those 200k you say got killed.
Words that make make fun of someones disability are not allowed.
Being ableist doesn't make you seem intelligent.
Using a slang word isn't necessary and you hurt those with disabilities even if you didn't mean to.
Homophobic language is not permitted.
Your constant spewing of slurs makes it hard to take you seriously.
I will assume we have an independent here.
hate doesn't allow people to hear your point of view.
Name calling doesn't contribute to the conversation.
I am sure their parents gave them a name
Your contribution doesn't add to the conversation.
Someone being interested in you, if not harmful, should be a compliment.
He is doing a great job in office
Your hate does nothing to illustrate what you think is wrong.
Stop bashing peoples' races, nationalities or political choices!
I think you need to do some more research.
stop bashing peoples' sexuality and threatening violence.
The use of the word "Faggot," and equating homosexuality with pedophilia without any evidence, are offensive and have no place here.
Perhaps you need to take an education course on LBGT people.
Stop with the religious and racist hate.
You're being presumptuous about the reputation of Muslims and Muslim countries. It would do you good to mix with people of various cultures.
Stop bashing peoples' sexuality.
"Faggot" is an offensive term which should be avoided here.
It would do you good to mix with people of different backgrounds.
I can only imagine what that makes you calling them that online
Will immediately consider reporting this user's commentary as inappropriate and offensive language.
Counteractive to give an compliment with an insult
You had an ok point about the Amazon minimum wage increase, and then you ruined it with hate. Makes it hard to take you seriously.
Must report this user for using offensive language.
The same amount of people who knew you would come online and embarrass yourself
Unnecessarily offensive response; I don't think it's the women in this case willing to embarrass themselves...
This language is highly inappropriate and offensive.
Unnecessary comment
Or you could try responding with something reasonable instead of just a one-word insult. Go on, give it a try.
The above comment from User 2 is a typo: *maggot.
The word "America" can be used in either context, referring to the USA as a country or North America as a continent. Y'all need to calm down
This conversation only accepts language that is not racist and not bigoted. These comments will be ignored by chatroom moving forward.
There are better ways to debate and argue than just calling somebody a name
Turbo deserves to be spoken to with respect as does everyone.
Be a more respectful human being and the new rules won't apply to you!
What an ignorant comment that is clearly bait
Using offensive terms invalidates your comments.
Imagine that blacks in the U.S. feel the same about you!
denigrating another political party reflects poorly on yourself.
We need to recognize certain signs and signals.
Nobody is going to take this bait
Offensive use of n-word debases the conversation
Let's not advocate any more versions of the John Birch Society.
There are tons of white people who love patron. Many white people think vodka is disgusting
Use of the n word is not productive and offensive
Vodka's more the drink of college girls in clubs. I'd say men drink bourbon.
There is no need to curse, and I certainly don't think that Muslims go around beheading everybody that disagrees with them.
The person you describe simply has a different opinion like most people in the world have their own opinions.
Islamic countries wouldn't permit universities to have political programs if what you were saying was true.
There is absolutely no need to be offensive with you language.
It is not necessary to call someone names just because you think differently of them.
What you said is both inaccurate and offensive to people who have mental health issues and those that are on the left.
The majority of people have a different opinion than you, it doesn't mean that they are any less.
Some people think what you just said is as low as you can go.
There is no call for using the "N" word, ever. It is categorically offensive.
Someone else's color of skin does not make them any different than you.
I don't know how you know what a human behaves like because that  comment was inhuman
While I understand your usage of slang I really think we would all benefit from ceasing to say these words.
Name calling is not a very mature way to deal with problems.
Please tell me where your facts are so we can find out how legit they are.
xenophobic and derogatory comments and views are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Although you have a very strong opinion on this subject, please refrain from using such degrading terms towards those of Jewish faith.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments or you will be banned.
Although you have strong opinions on what you can and cannot say about other people, please refrain from using such terms
Maybe you could learn how to write a proper sentence before you call someone the N word.
Refrain from using racist and or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. You will be banned
Please do not use such a term when referring to a black person, as it holds a lot of offensive connotations for their entire race
Why is everyone who has a different mindset than you a communist?
Although you feel certain about your point, please don't use such degrading and offensive terms to describe a person
Do you always go by what the news says? Or do you do your own research?
Refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here.  Admin will be alerted
Please do not use such terms when describing other people, as it is racially insensitive
Use of derogatory words are prohibited. Ensure that all future posts are free of such offensive language.
As if it wasn't tragic enough he married into The Kardashians, the poor guy has a mental illness that is untreated.
Stop using news topic as opportunity for random racism.
The use of derogatory words are a violation of our TOS and can lead to termination of your account.
Fag in The UK actually means cigarette.
Your post contains hate speech and can or will result in the termination of your account.
The Connors did flop and I would like to think ABC will be calling for their president to resign. I loved Roseanne. Best TV in years!
Don't needlessly throw racism into discussion.
Your post includes language that is in violation of our Terms Of Service. Please eliminate such language from future posts.
Both of you should be muted.
You can't go lower than this in your racial hate. You should have no place here.
Derogatory language has been discovered in your post, continued use of such language will result in account restrictions.
Law enforcement are everywhere. Even on online web forums. It's best to behave online and in real time as if they will come from anywhere.
I'm sure you see that person as less a man than you but I assure you, you are no better being that you use such offensive terminology.
By referencing race and gender identity this way, you just reduce an otherwise legitimate opinion to a mere tirade of hatred.
While we welcome your considered opinion on the subject, using a serious mental issue as an insult is most unwelcome.
The two of you should be ashamed of yourselves. You're so full of hate that you can't see how offensive you are.
These explosive displays of hatred toward certain sexual orientations and gender identities just obscure intelligent exchange of ideas.
There's no reason to use such an offensive term to women just to express how much you hate him.
derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported
Oppose him by all means, if you wish. But don't use female-specific body parts as insults.
We get it. You don't like her. There's no reason to stoop to such a classless level as offending an entire gender. No reason.
We're here to share opinions, not insult her gender.
Wow, grow some empathy. Be nicer to black people, women, and sex-positive women. You're normalizing the worst of society.
It's really hard to respect someone who uses racial slurs in an attempt at comedy.
Wow, way to prove User 1's point. You are truly the armpit of humanity.
Use of the hate and the r-word here is totally unacceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans people.
Using ableist slurs to support an argument makes it hard to take you seriously.
That is obviously a wild misrepresentation. Stop disrespecting the people who took the time to make this content and interpret it properly.
It's sad that you think using misogynistic slurs are funny.
You'd better be black. Otherwise, don't use that word in polite conversation. I wonder what your boss would think.
Using racial slurs makes it hard to take you seriously.
African Americans tend to buy lottery tickets bc they exist in disadvantage created by people like you. I hope an African American wins.
Use of the n-word and the hate here is totally unacceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans black people
Racial slurs don't add any content to the discussion.
While you may not like him or people of other cultures you should pay all human beings the same level of respect.
The "n word" is offensive to many and so does not belong in intelligent commentary.
Does this kind of talk really further your cause
Convincing yourself that opinions that differ from yours are unintelligent and that you are better than other races shows your insecurity.
This is not really helping. What started this discussion
Leading with racial slurs makes me less likely to take your words into consideration. Also I do not speak German.
The word "nigger," since it offends many, has no place in intelligent commentary.
unsure how to answer it seems to be german
Your staunch party identity is holding our country back just as much as the lefts. You are escalating the situation and filling it with hate
Affixing "jew" to generic terms, and the pejorative use of the word "dyke" can each be offensive and so should be avoided.
Are we just trolling? What causes this name calling?
You sound fearful, uneducated, and possibly afraid to examine your own sexuality.
"Faggot," and "kike" offend and target innocent people and the use of those terms never helps advance a rational argument.
Will name calling solve this? Can there be a dialogue?
Please monitor your words as they are damaging others sense of respect.
You'd do good to mix with people of other backgrounds.
You need to learn less offensive language.
Please take a look at your words and reevaluate them as they are venomous to others.
Canadians are very well educated and have good universities.
The things you say are blameworthy so please use more acceptable language.
Wow, you'd do yourself good to mix with people of different backgrounds.
Try using intelligent language and maybe people will listen.
Please end the bigotry and start using non-discriminatory language.
Perhaps you should mix with people of different backgrounds.
Not Cool. Use different language in describing races.
Please stop the derogatory remarks and show care in your words to others when expressing your views.
It'd do you good to mix with people of different backgrounds.
Just because she appears dumb, doesn't mean you have to. Try proper English.
Referring to Jews as satanic, subhuman feral beasts and inferior species is hate speech, offensive and inappropriate and will be reported.
That's one hell of a one sided view on Jew population. There has been plenty of "lies" in history from any ethnoreligious group.
Please avoid using vicious words in the post.
Using the word "faggot" is hate speech, offensive, and inappropriate to both Muslims and homosexuals. Will be reported.
Throwing yourself out off roof has nothing to do with ones sexual orientation.
Please avoid wounding the innocent with the spiteful words.
These comments are hate speech, offensive, inappropriate and the slur "kike" is an ethnic slur. Offensive, inappropriate and reported!
You are seeing all non conventional ideologies coming Jew people because you invest no effort in study of other groups, who have same ideas.
Please use words that do not disgrace but rather uplift.
The word "nigger" is an ethnic slur, hateful, offensive, and inappropriate and will be reported.
You should better think about what you have posted, then furthering violation with racial abuse.
Please use restraint when discussing your opinions.
Do not use inappropriate name calling in order to voice your opinion.
I really don't think you understand what the word "retarded" means, so you should refrain from using it. Suggest a real solution.
It is inappropriate for any race to use derogatory terms against one another.
Do not use racist/sexual terms in your posts.
Yes, it is true you could use those hateful terms, but I doubt you want to perpetuate the hate by doing so!
Using a derogatory term for women to make fun of someone isn't helping anything.
Avoid using sexual terms in your posts when voicing your opinion.
I'm sure you can find a better way to tells us WHY you don't like her, without resorting to swearing and name calling.
Using a derogatory term against someone's race is not going to solve anything.
Try to use less offensive terms in your posts. Avoid using racist terms.
Anyone using those terms is helping to perpetuate hate speech, so please cut it out!
Do not use racist terms when voicing your thoughts on politics, use proper names of people.
I'd appreciate it if we could have a debate on these issues without resorting to name calling or using terms like kike and spic, please.
i dont completely agree with some of the statements used here
There´s a line between being outraged and bring part of the problem. Ya crossed it.
So, you guys are taking the moral high ground by insulting other people, especially disabled people - nice.
nobody will take you serious when you sound like youre drunk when you speak
There is nothing even to say to these people other than 'banned' how do you become an adult thinking this speech is ok?
Not only can neither of you spell or punctuate, but you can't think outside of a box of racism and offensive comments.
making a joke about this isnt funny to begin with anyways so why would you just assume it is.
What is wrong with you people
Reading this ignorance wasn't fun.
thats not the proper term to use.
Wow ok, really, cant just call someone a old crazy person, ya gotta make it bad.
You managed to completely blow apart what could have been an intelligent and articulate exchange in one sentence.
Lets refrain from attacking someones character to get a point across. There are people that find words offensive based on experience
Leave the racial hate out of discussion.
Don't use that kind of racial slur
You both seem to be out of idea for any sense in your comments, and just resorting to sexual labeling.
Don't use that word to describe people, its racist and gross
Your post uses speech that denigrates gender/sex, which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
you destroy your own case using dumb language
Your racism is a big problem.
Your posts contain racial slurs and other racist laguage, this is not appropriate.
How about a statue of you drooling hate...
Please do not use racist slurs or perpetuate racial stereotypes.
Please do not perpetuate misogyny with your sexist language.
Show some respect please, no matter what, he is our president, so either be nice or don't say anything.
We can't know what the shooter's motive was. Some are targeted unjustly; we can't know what happened. Obama has nothing to do with this.
I would associate you with those type of people
C'mon now, no need for that kind of talk, speak plainly and be respected for your opinion, or take your negativity elsewhere.
Your opinion on these people is not the definitive truth, and it does not make it okay to make crass assumptions of people you've never met.
You can disagree with not wanting to attend without calling people who would names
How about just be a stupid fool and call it a day?
You need to educate yourself on the meaning of "retarded." This language only makes your point weaker.
Sounds like what that comment is
Believing that someone's faith is tied to their non-religious beliefs is ignorant, and resorting to name-calling makes your argument weaker.
Nice ya'll came to an agreement, would of been nicer without out all the name calling
Please convey your thoughts in a more congenial way.
I think you can be more impactful if you used less hateful language.
Please keep your comments to ones that are not hateful to others.
I think you can have more impact if you removed the hateful language from your rhetoric.
Do not use racial slurs when replying to others.
Please consider how others will feel when reading these comments, and change your words.
I think you would make a more impactful statement if you used more objective language.
Do not use hateful homophobic slurs when responding to others.
Please remove the vile language from your commentary.
I think you would make more of a statement if you used more objective language, some of this could be considered hate speech.
Wow! This is not a place for belittling a mental impairment.
Please put an end to the negative comments, and show more empathy when expressing your thoughts.
I think you would make a larger impact if you used more objective language and less hateful rhetoric.
This is not the place to use that hateful racist term.
I'm not sure the hateful language was necessary here, this seems like a fairly civil conversation otherwise.
Totally unnecessary to use hateful language about people with disability to express political opinion.
I think that language can be hurtful which I'm sure was not your intention.
That language is offensive to people
I think you can make a more impactful statement by avoiding hateful words.
Use of hateful language regarding sexual orientation is unwarranted and nonsensical.
No offensive language is allowed.
I think you can make a much more impactful statement by using objective language rather than hateful rhetoric.
Totally unnecessary to use hateful language regarding women to express an opinion.
The language is innapropriate
I'm not sure what you mean by this. I think a more impactful statement can be made without the hateful language.
Use of hateful language regarding women is unintelligent and impolite.
This word in not acceptable.
She was a presidential candidate that in itself is a huge honor. She Deserves respect and not insults
You could have made your point without using the racial slur. But you decided to take the low road instead. Next time try harder to be nice
Please refrain from using derogatory terms for females
Just because someone else might be racist, doesn't mean it's alright for you to be racist.
You are using racial slurs while talking about the most racist countries. You need to get your point across without the words that divide us
The best way is to not watch the program. That is the best way to show your not ok with the product.
I understand your hostility, but making points and legitimate arguments would likely get you a better response.
perhaps you could reconsider your phrases, rather poor choice
I would watch the vulgarities a bit.  That word is offensive to not only women, but many men as well.
come up no need for that here, please edit the bad language, thank you
Words that derogatorily reference someone's religion or are sexist do not show care or promote understanding.
I find it hard to even focus on your points because all of the vulgarity is distracting.
come on that is enough guys, calm it down please
Using words that negatively refer to someone's gender identity don't contribute to understanding.
I'm not a big fan of Clinton either, but by using words like that is detracts from your argument.
perhaps just someone called clinton, the c word is not needed
I agree with your pro life stance, but I'd watch the language a bit.  That word is offensive to many.
wow to much people, calm down now. too offensive
You should resubscribe to Netflix, it's good.
Perhaps you need to educate yourselves better.
Your post uses speech that denigrates religious affiliation and sexual orientation in violation of our Com. Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
Your comment is highly offensive to multiple groups of people and displays a lack of character.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of  our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Your comment contains a word that is offensive to people with developmental disabilities and their families. DD's are not rare.
Your comment contains language that is offensive to people and families with developmental disabilities.
Your comment is offensive to homosexual people who use this site often and will not be tolerated here.
Your comment is offensive to multiple groups of people and will not be tolerated here.
Hey there, racist and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thx
I think you can make a more impactful statement by trying to be more objective and use less hateful language.
I can understand this sentiment, but I think as responsible users we should all monitor ourselves and use better speech towards one another!
I think you can make a more impactful statement by using less hateful language which might be unintentionally hurtful.
I know it can be easy to become upset with certain people, but we still shouldn't let our tempers get the better of us or our language!
I think you can make a much more impactful statement by using less hateful language and more objective facts.
Yes, many modern Americans do appear sloppy, but I don't think it's polite to call them hateful names or slurs!  They have feelings too!
This comment is unnecessarily mean, not sure if it provides any mpact.
Some people can be unsavory, but we should still try to be less offensive in our speech!  There are nicer ways of getting our points across!
I think you can make an impactful statement by using less hateful language which might be unintentionally hurtful.
I really can't get behind racial slurs in comments; I feel there are much better uses of language when it comes to expression of opinions!
The term you have used here is racist, and not tolerated here. You need to use a better choice of words to prevent harm towards others.
Using words that demean a person based on their religion or race are neither careful, nor considerate.
The term you have used here is derogatory towards women, and should not be used. You need to use a better choice of words to prevent harm.
The language used here is vulgar, racist, and makes fun of rape victims. You are harming others, and it is not tolerated. Be more careful.
Using racial slurs to describe someone shows one's true character.
The term you have used here is racist, insensitive, and very offensive. This is not tolerated here. You need to use a better word choice!
Using derogatory words to describe someone's race are not productive in conversation and does not show care.
Please do not write islamophobic remarks here.
I understand your opinion but please do not refer to a group of people with such slang terms
its almost like you were a part of a cult
Please do not promote islamophobia on this website.
I understand this is your opinion but please do not refer to muslim people in such a manner
then get out there and do something about it
Not all democrats are "retarded" do not generalize and categorize us into a category and use a mentally ill persons condition as an insult
and youre supposed to be in college
Not all conservatives are retarded please do not lump all into a category using such offensive language, it decredits your opinions
thats an understatement
We will not accept that language her.
Its inappropriate to use the word 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race. Avoid such words.
Such language is not necessary as it is racially motivated.
Please, respect everyone's opinion on this post.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their race (hillbilly, redneck) and mental illness(moron).
We will not tolerate that language in this space.
This word is racial and it would be better to choose another word.
Please, respect everybody's political beliefs.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Avoid such words.
It isn't cool to label people who see things differently then you.
Hey, you must respect everyone on this post.
It is not cool to use racial slurs.
"Ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. Remember our fate...is avoiding all hate!
Muting is effective enough, you don't have to also use hate speech.
It would be really great if you didn't use the re word anymore, and Christianity isn't desgnated to one race, it's for everyone.
Using hateful language will not help you get your point across
No matter what opinions we have of bad people, it doesn't make us seem better when we use derogatory terms.
Judging by the way you speak, it seems like you should be reported.
I think that spreading your anger in this way is probably not the answer that will make you feel better, as learned in kindergarten.
This insinuates that only black people rape others, it may be more credible to not use racist names for something unrelated to race.
There has to be a better way to use the internet than to spread this sort of crude hatred without belittling death of a child.
Nancy Pelosi, in my opinion, is a intelligent women whose gotten very far in politics and seems well liked by some.
There are better words that should be used to replace the vulgar language.
Someone who makes racist comments should have been more thoroughly screened by the Red Cross before working for them.
I don't think words that demean a person with a mental disability or that are sexist belong in meaningful conversation.
Name calling only creates pointless arguments.
You shouldn't make bomb threats directed towards presidential candidates or statements about Americans in a negative tone.
Describing a woman with such foul language shows a serious lack of respect.
Accusers should be believed and trusted. It's sad you don't believe someone who didn't have to come forward.
You wouldn't have to be muted if your comments didn't use such harsh language. Freedom of speech is welcome when it isn't offensive.
There is no reason to use that type of homophobic language on here.
Synagogue shootings and church shooting are so heartless. We all have diverse views but shouldn't want to kill each other.
There is no reason to use that type of racist language.
I don't know how she can say that he has abusive tendencies. She doesn't even know him personally.
Please avoid using hateful anti semitic slurs towards others religious affiliation.
Or it was the way you're responding to posts that got you banned. Social media is being more intolerant to such things.
Religion shouldn’t be a category that is attacked or demeaned.  Focus on the objectionable behavior, not who someone is.
Do not use anti semitic slurs and mental impairments as a form of hate.
Without being disrespectful I'm sure you can bring a better argument than this. Also it's true 1933 and today are very different.
Stop using racial slurs when talking about others race.
Your comment is highly offensive to homosexual people and is not welcome here.
You have no reason to use that word here. You are only saying to add filler to your statement. Use good words to describe who you feel
Explain why you find the news exhausting and leave out the slurs to build support for your opinion.
Your comment contains highly offensive language and won't be tolerated here.
Just because you can say something doesn't mean you should. That is a terrible thing to call any woman
Using words like that don't add anything of value to the community, writing thoughts without those words will be good for everyone.
Your comment is highly offensive and contains hateful rhetoric. It will not be tolerated here.
If he did grab her she needs to report what happened to the police. Their is no need to insult the mans race though.
Show rational arguments without the extreme wording to help better understand each others side.
Your comment displays a lack of character and is highly offensive.
I don't understand how you misspelled so many words but managed to spell every insult correct
Your point gets across much better by not responding at all.
Your comment contains highly offensive language and displays a lack of character.
She has a lot of opinions like a lot of people do. We should respect that and just move one.
Attack why she is confused instead of just using insults.
Using profanity and putting down people by degrading their family members with no real proof only makes you look angry
Insulting someone by slandering their family does not get any message across, say something real
You could have ended your statement prior to the attack word, would have been much more effective
It is better to judge someone on their character, instead of a stereotype of their lifestyle.
Calling someone a name just completely took away from your message, now it isn't worth reading
Your insult does not prove a point, I have no idea what you are trying to say except you haven't said anything
You can disagree with someone without attacking characteristics that have no basis on the points with which you disagree.
So many spelling mistakes in such a small span. You really aren't a bright beacon for your side.
Please avoid the offensive use of foul language.
If you wish to make a point, please do so without the use of foul and derogatory language.
You were doing so well then you stopped so low with that.
It is impossible to make a meaningful point worthy of respect while using foul, derogatory, hate-fueled language.
You aren't showing how much better you are by using such primitive language there bud.
Please expunge the hurtful remarks from your commentary.
thats not a very nice thing to say
Please end the negative trash talk toward others and use more friendly words.
Tell how you feel without the damaging and harmful remarks please.
whats triggering is your attitude
Please avoid the talk with superiority, and be more warm in expressing your views.
you took way too much time to say absolutely nothing at all
Discard the crude comments, and be more empathetic in discussing your thoughts please.
why bring religion into something for no reason
The language that you've chosen to use is highly offensive to an entire group of people and displays a lack of character.
the language in these posts is unacceptable.  You should never use these remarks, erase them from your vocabulary.
Avoid using mental disabilities as an insult and using hateful racial slurs in your posts.
Your language is extremely offensive and displays a lack of character.
This response is completely disgraceful.  You language is foul and you should at least try to contribute meaningful discussion
Woah, please do not use racist slurs against other cultures.
Your language displays a lack of character and is highly offensive on this site.
Wow, what a response.  If you are going to say things that are blatantly hateful, why say anything at all.
You do not have to use racist slurs when you respond to others.
Your language displays a lack of character and breadth of vocabulary.
You should be ashamed of this language.  Your derogatory remarks are ridiculous and shameful.
There is no reason for racial slurs on these feeds.
You derogatory remarks are shameful.  You should be ashamed of the things that you are saying about people, these terms are harmful.
Avoid using racist slurs when voicing your opinions.
The use of someone's skin tone to define who they are makes you immature.
Questioning someone's integrity and intelligence based on your personal experience is subjective.
Questioning someone's masculinity based on whether or not they are willing to follow you makes you less of a leader.
Just because someone's opinion differs from yours does not lead to your outburst.
Someone's intellect is not based on what they believe in.
The term used here is unnecessary, and offensive towards the disabled. There are better, less offensive words that you can use!
Avert from using hateful racial slurs.
The term you have used here is derogatory, and slanders the Muslim community. You need to be more careful with your word choices.
Please do not refer to the female gender using that sexually vulgar term.
The term you have used is derogatory towards women, and should not be used here. You need to be more careful with your choice of words.
Woah, please do not use prejudiced terms when responding.
The term you have used here is unnecessary, and a form of racism. You need to prevent any harm to others by using a better choice of words.
Stop using mental disabilities as an insult to others.
The term you have used here is offensive towards the disabled, and does not belong here. You need to choose your words more carefully.
Using derogatory words to describe someone's race are not productive in conversion and does not show care.
We are all moving forward as a society and becoming more diverse. Please do not be so disrespectful and take steps backwards.
Generalizing and calling names isn't necessary to have a conversation that enlightens everyone reading.
You mean "foolish", we don't want to offend those with true mental disabilities.
Using derogatory words to describe someone's race, sex or religion are not productive in conversation and does not show care.
This is disrespectful and racist. Please do not take steps backward. We are moving forward as a society and becoming more diverse.
Just past the title of the link you are posting, adding your own opinion only gives readers a bias before they even click.
I'd rather know more about why you feel the way you did instead of reading insults.
Please do not use slang to describe a group of people
Stop using homophobic slurs when responding to other posts.
Please do not refer to homosexuals in such offensive language
Please do not use mental impairments as a way to belittle ones culture.
This is not a place for homophobic slurs.
Please do not use a sexual preference as an insult
Hey now, this is not a place for hurtful slurs against mental impairments.
Please do not use mental disabilities and religious preference as insults
Stuff like this is the reason we are not united. Using these kinds of words to talk out or differences only pushes us apart
Refrain from using hateful homophobic terms when posting and responding to others.
Why don't you just not say anything if you can only say insults.
Wow, this is not a place for hateful intolerant terms regarding race.
It is awful you are using that word to cause harm. Next time try to think about how it hurts the people who do have mental handicaps
Do not post or repeat hateful terms regarding mental disability when posting on GAB.
I'm sure you can get your point across without using hurtful words. Next time how about you try a little harder.
Stop using homophobic terms when voicing your opinions.
If you really feel he has done wrong you should want him to go to jail not be killed.
We don't need talk like that, thank you.
Using terms that are show hatred of muslim religion is not acceptable on this site.
There are always different opinions among religions and race. Let's focus on the positive things religion brings to our lives and hearts.
We can show more respect, for the community.
Using deragatory terms to describe religion, sexual orientation and race are not accepted on this web site.
Hey racial slurs did not work for Roseanne and they won't work in this conversation, so clean up your act as there is no reason to hate here
There is no need for name calling here.
Using terms that are hateful toward the disabled are not acceptable on this site.
We are all from migrants here, so stop judging people on race and let's be respectful to all. Let's try some empathy for migrants.
You can make your point without name calling.
Using a term that is making fun of people with disabilities is not acceptable.
Don't hate the country, the politics, or the politician. Focus on things we can discuss to make the country better without the gender bias
You can say the same thing without all the foul language and name calling
Using terms that are deragatory towards a religion is not acceptable.
Whether or not you believe in god or you're an atheist, let's show respect for everyone's view and not mute them out or discount their ideas
thats enough you two, chill out and improve your language
Using a derogatory term against the person you disagree with is putting down the people with actual mental disabilities.
The conversation would flow more smoothly if you dropped the disparaging words.
just no need for that last reply, dont start and then fuel the hate please
Your sentence doesn't make much sense, try rephrasing using proper words.
no need to hate on them like that, you were not asked to reply, so simply dont
Some people may find your wording disrespectful, maybe define what you are saying without summing it up in a few words.
leave out the n words please, no need here whats so ever
Point to facts and figures instead of just calling out names.
wow couldnt be any more foul, please delete and move on elsewhere
You won't win anyone over using language that disrespects genders, tone it down and attract more people to your side.
The language used here is derogatory and exemplifies racism. This is not tolerated. You need to use a better choice of words!
If you cannot say something nice about someone of a race different then yours, don't say anything.
It is nice to call a woman a nasty name because you do not like her.
The language used here is very harmful and offensive towards the LGBT+ community. You need to use a different choice of words!
I don't think using words to demean a persons faith, gender identity or sex,  are careful in conversation.
Your language is not very mature and nice words are more receptive then degrading a person because of their sexual orientation.
The term used here exemplifies racism, and this is not tolerated. You can  prevent from causing harm to others by using better word choices.
It would be better if you just left the negativity off of your post.
The term you have used here is offensive towards the disabled community! You need to refrain from using it in order to prevent any harm.
So not right to bring a woman's special needs child up because you don't like the mother.
That's not a productive way to change anyone's views on her.
Gender is a category that shouldn’t be the basis of an insult or disparagement.  It’s a lazy flex.
So what is your evidence and reasoning for thinking this about the jews?
Religion and Sexual orientation be a category that should b attacked or demeaned.  Focus on the objectionable behavior, not who someone is.
It doesn't make sense to hate an entire religion or group of people based a stereotype of their beliefs.
I can't even begin to understand your argument here. Try speaking clearly or I can't understand your point enough to explain why you're wron
How is calling an entire segment of the population that going to solve anything
I don't feel like this merits such a strong word, could use the word black.
The "n word" and vehement racism combine to mark these posts as hate speech. Words have power, please be careful how you use them.
It would be great if you didn't use hate speech to descirbe the actions of a cat, you should try again.
There really isn't anything wrong with being gay, maybe we shouldn't use derogatory terms to describe something we don't like.
Someone might actually want to listen to your stupid little rant if you didn't throw in disgusting hate speech.
Sacrifices to volcanoes don't actually work and making fun of disabilities doesn't make you better than those that have them.
"Re---ded" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. Thank you for your help in keeping hate away.
There are so many other words you could use besides the re word that would make you sound smarter and it wouldn't be hate speech.
I think that combatting hate with more hate is the wrong way to solve problems.
Using the "dy-e" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. Thank you for your help in keeping hate away.
The homophobic hate speech is completely uncalled for, you can figure out how to express yourself without it I know you can.
I can't understand what you tried to say because of all of the cuss words you used.
Antisemitic ("k-ke") and misogynist ("c-nt") hate speech is not permitted here. Please comply or be asked to fly.
Your mother needs to wash your mouth out with soap for speaking this way, something is seriously wrong with you and your mouth.
Racial slurs take away from your opinions
Name calling is a childish way of describing someone.
Racial slurs are not tolerated
Sexual preference as use as an insult takes away from the legitimacy of your argument
Removing the vulgar language will make it more pleasurable for others to read.
Racial slurs as an insult are not the way to argue
Labeling someone as mentally disabled is offensive to those who are actually mentally disabled
Say what you will be she was enough of a proper woman to catch the Prince's eye.
The racial slurs really are not needed here.
Just because a group is successful today doesn't mean it will always be that way. Also why begrudge another for their success?
No need to label a friend with a special need here.
If he were suffering from such then I doubt you'd have all that to say.
It is not very becoming to label a person with a special need.
Have you ever considered what circumstances drove them to the sea?
You would sound more intellectual not using racial slurs.
There are more appropriate words that should be used to replace the name calling.
Jewish people don't control the media or narrative, they are people just like you and me.
That word is offensive and hurtful.
Removing the foul language and name calling will allow others to better understand your point of view.
Why do you equate being gay to being a bad person?
Please don't use the n-word, it's offensive.
I think we all need to take a step back and realize that we all live and breath. There's no reason to be point fingers.
Please don't use terms that are offensive to the developmentally disabled.
Please avoid using a person mental disability as an insult.
I don't think that you needed to add that last remark. It quite unnecessary and is in poor taste.
Please don't use language that denigrates people because of their sexual orientation.
Please do not use homophobic slurs when responding to others.
I'm not sure you can say that all colleges are raising their prices. Some universities are starting to provide free tuiton to their students
Please don't refer to people of other nationalities or races with offensive terms like that.
Do not use racial slurs when talking about other races.
I don't think we need to be using these kinds of racial slurs. You should realize that we all have a lot of commonalities.
That language is offensive. Please don't use derogatory racial language.
Please do not use that hateful racial slur when responding to users.
I think we all need to recognize that we are spending time making bad comments while we can instead be changing the world.
That language is very offensive.  Please don't use language that is derogatory to people because of their sexual orientations.
Wow, please do not use homophobic slurs when responding and posting to feeds.
The term you have used is offensive towards the disabled community, and should not be used in any context. You need to use better words.
This word is offensive to disabled people and their friends.
The term you have used is racist and unacceptable to use here. You need to use a better word choice to prevent from harming others.
This is not a discussion about race or sexuality, so those terms are not necessary.
The term you have used is derogatory and a form of racism. You need to prevent harm to others by using a better choice of words.
There is no need to use that racial slur to make your point.
The term you have used is derogatory and targets a community of people from specific countries. You need to be more careful with your words.
That is no way to talk about an innocent child.
The term you have used is unnecessary and racist. There is zero tolerance here for racism! You need to refrain from using this language.
There is no reason to offend all women because of the unacceptable behavior of one.
I think you can make an impactful statement without using that type of language.
Please do not use that kind of language towards people. Why speak like that instead of engaging in an discussion about policy?
I think an impactful statement can be made without using hateful language.
While you may have good intentions, you could have stated that in a better way that could get people over to your side.
I don't think that type of hateful speech makes the type of impact you're looking for.
Please refrain from using derogatory terms for people of any national origin.
We do not need another operation wetback. We need to learn how to be kind to one another.
I think an impactful statement can be made without using that type of language.
Why use that kind of language to refer to someone? She's a real person with feelings.
I don't think your statement holds as much weight when you use that type of language.
That kind of language is unwelcome. America is doing fine and would be better off without hate speech.
Not necessary to talk about someone sexual orientation.
profanity and slander will be left out of comments
You should not talk about a persons race with such language.
racial comments are prohibited
opinions and points can be stated without slander or battery
profanity and slander need to be left out of comments
Maybe we could be greater as a people if we didn't call names.
Your comment displays a lack of character and is offensive to multiple groups of people.
Hatred toward any group for their beliefs is wrong,if we used kindness as a way of communication we could be better as people.
Your comment contain highly offensive language and displays a lack of character.
I think these terms coming from someone who can't spell basic words to call names is proving that your point shouldn't have been written.
Your comment is offensive to homosexual people and won't be tolerated here.
There is nothing wrong with being gay, try not using a derogatory term for anyone you don't like.
It doesn't make sense to name call people you've never met based on what the media says.
Your comment contains a word that is offensive to people with developmental disabilities which is not rare.
This would be more credible as an opinion if you didn't call people names every time you disagreed with someone.
Do not refer to people with such offensive slurs
Hey can we not attack the kids on this one?
the kiddos have done no harm.
Do not attack the character of the debater using sexual preference as ammo it takes away from the argument
There is so much evil in the world, I'm pretty sure that Jews haven't got the market cornered on that. Money, maybe.
We don't have to hate each other due to having different beliefs
Sexual preference is not an insult
Holy Smokes! When did he come out of the closet.
Its our leader lets back him
Regardless of your views calling this person inadequate because of mental disabilities or the color of their skin is useless
No Trump fan here, but execution is a bit extreme, and hey, let's not insult people with mental handicaps by comparing them with him.
Unspoken doesn't need to be explained.
words here not needed to be said describing women
People have their own opinions, just try not to be offensive/unreasonable please.
It doesn't make sense to hate and judge someone you haven't met based on what the media says.
this word should not be used to describe a certain race
words used here target a certain race and spark hate towards each other
these words are extremely offensive towards many races
Please stop. You're making yourself sound like you have no respect for anyone or anything.
Do not use racial slurs and anti-semitic slurs when posting on GAB.
Avoid from using anti semitic slurs when talking about other religions.
Both of you need to stop this behavior and think about how you look when you act like this.
Woah, please do not use hateful racial slurs when responding to others.
That word is not appropriate, no matter what context you use it it.  Please try to speak without using such derogatory language.
There is no point of using that hateful racist term on this feed.
My goodness, you need to calm down on the hate speech!
There isn't any reason to insult people who enjoy certain forms of entertainment, they might align with you on a lot of your ideas.
I think a more impactful statement could be made by using less hateful language which might be unintentionally hurtful.
Your point would be made just as well, and even better, without using a pejorative.
I think this could be an even more impactful statement if you reduce the hateful language.
There has got to be something smarter to talk about than your hate for black people!
Remembering that people can't change certain traits is important to how you say things.
I think this type of language is hurtful and might affect your future if someone saw this.
I am guessing you are just jealous, because there's no other point in that kind of language.
Just stick to the point you are trying to make and don't throw in the added speculation, letting them respond.
I think you can make a much more impactful statement if you don't use that type of hateful language.
You would think people would be intelligent enough to use big people words rather than racist retorts.
If you want to be accepted into the conversation you'll come across as more articulate if you use a better choice of words.
I think you can make a more impactful statement by not using hateful language.
I think you can make an impactful statement without using hateful language.
Do not use a mental impairment as an insult to others.
I think you can still make your point without using hateful language that might be unintentionally hurtful.
There is no reason to use a mental disability to hurt others.
I think you can make a strong point without having to use that type of language.
Do not use that hateful racial slur when voicing your thoughts.
I think you can probably make your point without using language that might be unintentionally hurtful.
Refrain from using hateful homophobic slurs when posting.
I'm not sure if that post was necessary. I think you can post something meaningful without having to use hateful language.
There is no reason for posting this hateful homophobic slur.
Please take out the abusive speech toward others.
really helping your cause there by not only insulting the original target but also the one you support.
Your comment contains hate filled language and rhetoric which is not welcome here.
Please edit the speech that is damaging to others' reputations.
Your comment is highly offensive to people with developmental disabilities and displays a lack of character.
Reduce the hurtful language directed at others.
there is a way to get your point across without having to resort to childish language.
Your comments are offensive to women and are unwelcome here.
Please discuss your feelings in a friendlier way without the horrific language.
you really should watch your tone and language.
Your comment is offensive to Hispanic people who use this site and displays a lack of character.
you aren't really showing that you are much better with that kind of rhetoric and language.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others based on their religion.
racial and sexual preference slurs are an inappropriate form of referencing people, we are all the same internally
I get you have something against them but you should really watch your language.
Attacking someone because of their skin color is a racist and simplistic argument that has no real validity
Nice way to generalize people there.
By speaking like that you are in fact acting like you say they do.
I don't see why it's okay to insult others based on their race.
A racial slur should not be used as insulting adjective. That promotes racism and inequality
I encourage you to express your anger differently. Some of the language you've used is offensive and triggering.
Using hateful language doesn't contribute to your argument or to this conversation
Disability and sexual orientation is not something anyone should be made fun of or demeaned about.
I think you should try expressing your distaste for Rosie in a different manner. Some of what I read may be offensive to others.
I believe that everyone has a valid opinion, but I encourage you to use different language so as to not upset people.
Part of what makes our society so great is that everyone can have different opinions. I encourage you to respect all viewpoints!
There are many ways to express what you just said in a kinder, less offensive manner. I encourage you to rephrase.
Sexual orientation and race is not something to insult someone over.
If you want to learn what the song is about, use a translation service.
Just because someone is different race or has a mental disability, doesn't mean they are less than you.
I'm sure that research will show you race has nothing to do with criminality.
I think you can make a more impactful statement by using less hateful language in your rhetoric.
we use to thrive off of new people coming to our country
I think you can still make an impactful statement by using more objective language.
i think you might have issues in the head
I think you can express your pleasure in a way that does not include hateful language.
immigration is never a fun process
I think the hateful language is not necessary in this otherwise civil conversation.
and you dont know how to punctuate
It looks like the language used was not out of hate but might be taken out of context and be unintentionally hurtful.
Name calling the person you've never met doesn't make any sense.
Their is no need to call him that. He is a artist and sometimes they are kinda eccentric
There is no there is no you need to call the woman such an offensive word in order to offend her.
She is a elected official you have no reason to call her such a name.
It is better to judge someone on their character, instead of a stereotype of their political beliefs.
You need to calm down. We are all in this together and need to stop seeing it as left vs right.
Just because it was acceptable to say hateful words doesn't mean it was ever right.
Before you say such cruel things you should remember this country was founded by those fleeing religious persecution.
Everyone has just as much a right to be here as you. We are all brothers and sisters and should try to understand one another.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature or demean someone's disability contribute to a productive conversation.
Name calling and wishing harm on someone you've never met isn't going to solve anything.
I don't think using words to demean a persons faith or that are sexist are careful in conversation.
Sexual preference and racial slurs are negative and inappropriate
I'm not sure that that impact you're going for works with that type of language.
whoa there, Racist and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thx
Sexual preference as a form of attack is inappropriate
I think you can make an impactful statement without using that type of langauge.
Do not attack someones sexual preference they are people too
Racial slurs take away from the context of your point
I think your response would hold more weight if you had not used such hateful language.
Whoa there, Racist and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thx
This language is not tolerated
Please do not refer to muslims as "muzzies" they are people too
Its inappropriate to use 'faggot or soy boy faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
please do not use a persons sexual preference as an insult, they are people with needs too
please do not use slang sexual preferences as an insult
Please do not use the n-word in this context it is inappropriate and offensive
Please refrain from using this type of language on Gab, thank you!
I don't understand this kind of hatred. If you can't explain it, perhaps you could do without it.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual  orientation in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Services Agreement.
Please refrain from using this type of language on Gab, Thank you!
That's just downright mean, friend. I hope that you'll try to be nicer in the future.
I really don't even know what to say here, except to say that you might sound more clever with less horrid words.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation and religious affiliation in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS.
I hope you can move forward from this hateful rhetoric. It doesn't suit you and you can do better. We all can.
I think you could benefit from many things my friend, and one of them would be cleaning up your language so people take you seriously.
Please do not refer to people of color with the n-word
The people you are speaking about are human beings, you are disgusting for thinking you are better because of the color of your skin.
The use of the n-word is childish and inappropriate in debates
The only racist is you spewing that racist hate speech garbage, you are the biggest hyppocrite alive right now.
Please do not refer to the opposing argument in this manner
I realize you are angry, this woman clearly didn't know what she was talking about, you could have expressed yourself in a calmer manner.
Please do not refer to those people with sexual identity terms as an insult
You need an attitude adjustment, no one respects people who spew the crap that you speak.
please do not use the n-word as an argument
The person being black has nothing to do with anything, you are racist and close minded for your nasty comments, you need to be ashamed.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race and/or sex and gender in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
I am from the north and also lived in the south. Northerners are definitely not flying that flag like the south, not even close.
I don't see how he sounds like a communist. He sounds like he wants to be compassionate and loving.
Using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Avoid such words.
That only proves the point. You need to provide solid arguments with positivity in order to get the same in return.
Its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. Avoid such words.
Kavanagh was never guilty and I'm glad he was confirmed!
That is a harsh statement. Try to have more love in your life and more love will come find you too.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Avoid such words.
Please devise your conversation using words that are not so demeaning to others.
Abolish the hateful words toward others and use kindness please.
Use of hateful language regarding people with disability is impolite and nonsensical.
Please plan to use words that are not so critical toward others.
Use of hateful  language is unnecessary and impolite to express opinion.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their sexual orientation(dyke) and gender (cunt). Refrain from such words.
The words you use are a detriment to others with disabilities so please stop using the harsh language.
Totally unnecessary to use hateful language about people with disability to make point.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (retarded).Refrain from such words.
Avoid the objectionable words toward others and be more amicable please.
No need to use hateful language regarding women to express political opinion.
Do not use that vulgar sexual term when talking about females.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. Thank you for your help in keeping hate away.
Just like in America we should respect our President regardless if we agree with their actions. So respect the Queen too.
Using the "c---" term pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. Thank you for your help in keeping hate away.
Tinder is full of men and women looking for only one thing. Not everyone but most. Calling females such terms is disrespectful and wrong.
"Fa--ot" as used here is an offensive term and should be avoided. Thank you for your help in keeping hate away.
Just because someone is a liberal and has a different political agenda doesn't make them mentally ill or an enemy. Love more; hate less.
Wow, do not use hateful racial slurs when voicing your opinions.
Bigoted hate speech containing the "n word" is not permitted here. Thank you for your help in keeping hate away.
Kanye is a unique person, no doubt. But he is right for supporting AND respecting our leader. Everyone needs to do the same.
Avoid using homophobic slurs when voicing your opinions.
"Fa--ot" as used here is an offensive term and should be avoided.
I think I am the only one in America that didn't get that text.
No it doesn't mean that in slightest so please watch your language.
Using words that refer to people with mental defects does not prove a point about politics and your view points
So says the guy who goes with the crowd and generalizes everybody who doesnt think like them.
I don't understand how slandering a race that is not included in the story gets your point across
you aren't helping your cause with such talk.
Using this language tells me nothing about how you feel about the post.  State a real opinion.
simple language for a simple mind it seems.
Using profane and slang terms that put down a race do not offer an opinion about a post
really proving that your are better by stooping so low.
Anti-Semitism and sexism is a violation of our rules here.
You are being both anti-Semitic and sexist.
The hate speech in your comment violates our terms of service
The term that you are using has been used as a term of abuse for centuries and is not acceptable.
Anti-Semitism and homophobia are not permitted here
You are being both homophobic and anti semitic. Furthermore, you are not saying anything at all intelligent.
It is better to judge someone on their character, rather than what the media says.
Homophobic slurs are a violation of the Facebook terms of service and your ban was justified because of it
This word is considered offensive in most cultures.
Hate speech is not tolerated on our site
You are homophobic, Islamophobic and offensive.
Please take out the verbalizations that are hateful to others.
Having a personal preference is not exactly the same as a neurological condition...
No reason to call someone a name labeling them with a special needs, especially when you do not know them.
Please revise your expressions and use words that are less aggressive.
Sinead has exhibited some bizarre behavior in the past and I wish she would get the appropriate mental health care she clearly needs.
Eliminate the damaging words directed at others and use nicer language.
That is just downright mean. Where do you all live at that there are no Negro waitresses?!
It would be better to not use racial references and references to one's sexuality.
Please consider that your language is horrific and change it.
His talent and his character really do not have much to do with each other. Lots of famous people are rather unscrupulous ya know.
Really shouldn't be using racial slurs anyway.
The words you use are prejudiced toward others so please cease using them.
I don't believe calling anyone that on any social media platform is very social. It's quite antisocial.
Wow. Not nice!
Could you stop using hatespeech the re word is so tacky to use these days it would be best if you just shut up.
Well while I can agree with your sentiment It would be great if you didn't use hate speech to describe how you feel.
It is hard to understand one's point of view will all the vulgar language.
It's great that you are so angry and can verbalize it so clearly but it would be great if you did it as a grown up instead of spitting hate.
Racism isn't tolerated.
I understand she said some aweful stupid things but you didn't need to take it to another level with the re word and hatefulness.
There are many more appropriate words that should be used ro replace the foul language.
It would be really great if you didn't use the re word, it is vey offensive and I would love you if you stopped using it.
We can rise above name calling.
Why do you feel the need to describe MeWe with derogatory labels instead of actually explaining what you dislike?
why the hatred to this person, you were not forced to reply so please dont do it again
There is no need for this kind of disrespect in the community.
What makes you feel disgusted? Maybe its not as much a them problem as a you problem?
enough with the f bombs leave it out please
We didn't need to use that word.
If your from Europa, your not indigenous to America. This is a fact and simply history.
please leave the c word out of it next time, somewhat hurt full
haven't we risen above name calling.
Why do you propagate negative labels just because they are negative and insulting without any regard to the meaning?
come on now that enough with the use of the f word
You can make your point even better without using Slurs.
Do you have any evidence to support your views? How reliable are your sources?
thats enough no need for the n word and the follow up of abuse
Please refrain from using hate speech.
youre just jelous
Hate speech isn't allowed please refrain from using it.
Hate speech will not be tolerated, please refrain from it in the future.
you could be banned better watch it
Please refrain from using hate speech, it is not a good look on you.
you sir are the problem
look at what you just said and then rephrase what you said
Please tell your thoughts without picking on the innocent please.
Not every black person is bad; white people committ crimes like this too.
Please refrain from using hate speech, it is unnecessary.
Take out the horrific language and use words that are less offensive.
That word makes you sound absolutely ignorant.
Please refrain from using hate speech, thank you.
Abolish the talk that is offending others and describe your feelings in a better way.
There has to be a better way to refer to someone than using that word.
Comments shouldn't contain hate speech, especially that much of it, please stop.
Devise your thoughts in a way that is less demeaning to others.
You sound very uneducated when you speak like this- think before you speak, please.
Racism is considered hate speech, please attempt to refrain from it.
Please be more responsive to others feelings when expressing what you think.
Ignorance at it's best.  That could have happened anywhere in the world, violence is not only about race.
Please refrain from hateful language.
Withdraw the hurtful words you use against others please.
Finding better words to describe individuals will help get more people to jump in with their thoughts and perspectives.
Meaningful discourse can only happen with respectful parties. Please reconsider your use of language.
Chop the offensive talk from your commentary please.
This is a great discussion, just be careful to not interject outdated terms.
Please refrain from the use of hate-fueled derogatory language.
Pull out the vulgar talk about others and use more appropriate language.
Tell people why he is a fail troll instead of making it about personal characteristics.
If you wish to make a point that will be respected, please refrain from the use of foul, hate-fueled, derogatory language.
The language you communicate is disparaging so please avoid using such terms.
In order to strengthen your stance, avoid explicit adjectives so that your message doesn't get lost.
If you have nothing respectful to add to the conversation, please refrain from posting.
Stop using such cruel words and be more kindhearted.
Explain why you feel that they are wrong, it is much more interesting and will help to build your image.
This is very disrespectful and racist. We have moved past this type of language. Please do not take a step backwards in society.
Please refrain from using hateful racist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion.
Please so not be so disrespectful towards a group of people in this way. We have moved past such thoughts and actions as a society.
Name calling and assumptions are not productive. Attempt to learn from each other instead of hate.
Please refrain from using hateful homophobic language in your posts.   It adds nothing productive to the conversation
Please do not take a step backwards in society. We have moved past this.
Please refrain from using hateful homophobic and racist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing of value to the discussion.
I think only weak people have to demean their enemies in such a matter. It is disgusting.
If he is a CEO he is very competent ,
There is no correlation between sexual orientation and strength of character.  You can make your point without using homophobic slurs.
I doubt he would ever say something like that. You are only spreading false information
I understand you do not agree with her political stance, but there is no need to use vulgar language.  Argue your point with facts.
Using insults like that make reasonable people ignore the material points you are trying to make.
Just because you don't like him doesn't mean you have to attack his sexuality.
There is no correlation between sexual orientation and strength of character.  Make your point without name calling.
Saying that word is uncalled for, and there is reason to want to say it besides being a massive edge-lord. No one is impressed.
Just because you can do something doesn't mean you should. You are only bringing up something that has caused generations pain.
I know you are trying to be funny but racial slurs are serious and hurt people.  Make your point without resorting to vulgarity.
If saying that word makes you feel empowered you really should work on better ways to build your self-esteem.
It is terrible that you are so comfortable using that word. Try to think about how it hurts other people
Argue your point without resorting to vulgar racist slurs.  Please use facts, I don't even understand the point you are trying to make.
I do not see any need for that kind of language. It shows a serious lack of intelligence on your part to speak that way.
Using derogatory words to describe someone's race or religion are not productive in conversation and does not show care.
I think you can still make an impactful statement without using hateful language.
I am sorry, but I think the last sentence you used could be omitted from your post.
I don't think using words to demean a person because of their faith or race are careful in conversation.
I think there are better ways to express your enjoyment than to use hateful language.
Wow! Calm down, no need to be so rude.
Can you respond in a way that people can understand? I really don't get what you are saying here.
I think you can achieve the same effect without using hateful language.
Not sure why you would call this person that, all they are doing is describing their morning, no need for the name calling.
I'm not sure this was the response the first user wanted, I think you can relate to others without using hateful language.
The term you have used here is offensive towards the gay community, and can harm others. You need to refrain from using hateful language!
There has to be a better way to tell someone who your feel outside of name calling.
The term you have used here is offensive towards the disabled community. This can harm others, and can be prevented with better word choice.
Using the word 'retard' as a derogatory term is unnecessary. Please stop.
The language here is offensive towards multiple communities of people, and can be harmful. You need to be more careful with your words.
Its interesting that you all choose to speak in such a manner, its maddening and sad at the same time.
The term you have used here is derogatory towards the gay community, and should not be used.. You need to be more careful with your words.
Your opinion was lost on me. I couldn't make it past the insults your were throwing out.
The language used here is offensive to multiple groups of people. You can prevent causing harm to others by using better word choices.
Whoa, Racist and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thanks
When the word faggot is used, you're calling someone a cigarette. Interesting choice.
The term you have used here is derogatory and offensive towards the gay community. You need to prevent harm by using better word choices.
Hey There, xenophobic and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
I mean, talking negatively about any certain religion can be seen as hate speech.
The language you have used here is derogatory towards women, whether you realized such or not. Please be more careful with your words.
Okay but lets leave out the racism.
You need to be more careful with your choice of words! This term is very offensive, and causes harm to others. It is a very racist term.
I believe that there are other ways to say what you just said, rather than using the slur that you did.
Derogatory language is never tolerated on this forum. Future use of such language will result in a ban.
Please do not use insensitive terms to describe someone.
I know it's easy to become upset with people, but I don't think calling them hateful and derogatory names is the best way to respond!
Slurs and incitements of violence are never tolerated on this forum. Future use of such language will result in a ban.
Please do not use degrading speech to define someone.
I feel as commenters it is our responsibility to really check ourselves and in spite of our angst, we should still use less hateful speech!
Please do not use bigoted terms.
I don't really think such hurtful name calling is necessary!  There are much more eloquent and classy ways of getting your point across!
Although these comments made me smirk, I still think we ought not to belittle those around us with our words!
Gender identification and race and gender are not things to disparage someone over.
Religion and disability shouldn’t be a category that is attacked or demeaned.  Focus on the objectionable behavior, not who someone is.
Using the word "ret--ded" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
Please do not use derogatory language for intellectuals or religious slurs.
Its inappropriate to use the word 'nigger or niggery' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race. Avoid such words.
Vile racism and the "n word" are hate speech, which is forbidden here. Remember our law is hate nevermore!
"Ret--d" and antisemitism as found here offends many and should be avoided. Thank you for your help in keeping hate away.
there are people smarterethn everyone everywhere in the world even you so....
Please let us refrain from using offensive words, there is no need to use these insulting words and let's keep the discussion civil, thanks.
a lot happen when the jews where under control thats not a good idea
Just because someone has a different religion, doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you.
or we can just send you over there and see why they all want to come here
Just because someone has a mental disability, doesn't mean they are less than you.
harvard is a very very good school you only say that because youre not smart enough to get in
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their sexual orientation (faggots) and race (nigger). Avoid such words.
Please discuss your viewpoints in a manner that is not offensive to others.
Please avoid the debasing language and be kinder to others in your remarks.
Avoid words that attack one based on their illnesses or sexual orientation such as GAIDS
Please purge the comments that are revolting to others and be nice.
Please think of others feelings and avoid the trash talk.
Get rid of the damnable language and use words that are more good-natured.
Anti-female hate speech ("w--re c--t") and antisemitism constitute hate speech and therefore should not be used here. Please avoid--thanks!
Your comment is highly offensive and unwelcome here.
Avoid using that sexually vulgar term when talking about the female gender.
Please be advised that the "n word" is hate speech, offends many and so does not belong on this site. Remember: there's no room for hate!
Your comment is highly offensive to many people who use this site and is unwelcome here.
Woah, please do not use racist slurs when responding to others.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. Let's make a date ... to stamp out hate!
Your comment includes language that is highly offensive and unwelcome.
Avoid using that sexually vulgar term when responding to females.
In  just a few short words this post exhibits both gender- and race-based hate speech, which are not permitted here. Let’s squelch hate!
Your comment contains offensive language and displays a lack of character.
Do not refer to the female gender using that vulgar term.
These posts exhibit hate speech directed at women, Jewish people and the gay community. As a result, their authors may be asked to leave.
Your comment contains language that is highly offensive and displays a lack of character.
Do not use a persons mental impairment and anti-semitic slurs towards others.
Homophobic hatred (and the use of "fa--ot") constitutes hate speech and therefore should not be used here. Please avoid--thanks!
this person is obviously a little angry about all the commotion here regarding the pedophilia anime. We're sorry, it will be better here now
Anti-Islamic slurs constitute hate speech and therefore should not be used here. Please avoid--thanks!
I think you are blaming Brazil for the immigration march. This is untrue. People are coming from many South American Countries.
No, it sounds like they are listening to too many men on Gab. They are blindly accepting propaganda. How sad.
Homophobic hatred and disabled-bashing hate speech ("ret--d") mar these postings give ample reason for banning these unfortunate posts.
This is exactly what he was talking about - see the three dots and please mute each other. Thank you.
Words that demean one's gender identity or religion do not promote understanding
I went to college too. It probably was a waste of time and 70k that I still owe.
it sucks being around people like you
Obama ruined the healthcare we had. Even the doctors are afraid to treat people today because of his ObamaCare.
maybe there isnt enough evidence
Obama ruined out healthcare system. It wasn't perfect but it was much better than now.
and yet here you are
I love The Smith's and I cannot see why anyone would be upset with them.
pretty good just ignore the dumbshit thats here
I know she may not be your favorite person, but saying those things are very disrespectful and hurtful.
i bet you would
you might need to stay off the internet for awhile
a shitskin is what comes from your mouth when you speak
Its inappropriate to use the word 'nigger or negro' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race. Avoid such words.
so where back in the 60s now
think about if it was your son
There are other verbs you could use for someone. We need to make sure that only the truth is being spread on the internet.
She is just a lady, You really need to calm down and breath
Slurs are never tolerated on this forum. Future use of such language will result in a ban.
As Americans we are saddend by what has happened in our country and wish for justice but there are better things to give your energy too.
If you feel they have down something wrong you should want them to pay for their crimes in court not wish them death
We are all humans. That part is the same. We should never wish something so horrible on one another.
You could get yourself in a lot of trouble talking like that. You need to watch what you say better
When responding, make sure its logical. If its not, its really not worth your time.
It wouldn't matter what color the person is. Gross is gross and race doesn't change that.
its just a bad employee, people of all races do dumb stuff sometimes. Race has nothing to do with this
theres nothing retarded about beliefing in something
While your opinion of having children is respected, lets not be so hateful towards anyone unnecessarily.
thats not the smartest thing to say in this day and age
I suggest you extend your vocabulary and use less racist words if you're looking to find a decent girl.
you need to look in the mirror and ask yourself if your happy
While I agree that its ridiculous that people's vehicles are being destroyed, lets leave race out of it.
it couldve been anyone nobody likes that dumbass
That's incredibly hateful and mean. These are human beings.
That kind of talk is toxic to everyone. No one deserves to be called names because of the color of their skin
There is no need to insult people. Retard is an offensive term.
You will never get anywhere by attacking people like that. That is no way to have a conversation and only makes people think less of you
Y'all just need to get along.
The fact that you both can't have a conversation without it turning into a toxic mess is the sad part. Try to not resort to insulting people
Faggot is an offensive term. Why do you care if they are gay or not?
Now i'm sure you can think of a better name to call something that you don't like.
Why do you have to use language like that to insult someone?
You know if you are not happy with him the best way to show that is not watch anything he is on.
Well yes checkers and chess are very different games. But both are focused on winning so their challenging.
The entire knowledge of the human race is at your fingertips and yet you cannot be bothered to use spellcheck. Intriguing.
The term you have used here is offensive towards the disabled community, and does not belong here. You need to use better word choices.
Correct in the Bible Abraham was Arab. However, since his time that religion has changed so much it's hard to compare.
Correct. You cannot claim a religion as a race and it is unusual for anyone to claim otherwise.
The term you have used here is offensive to the disabled community, and should not be used in any context. You need to be more careful!
Race has nothing to do with a cure for AIDS. Theron is correct in my opinion, but it boils down to money.
I happen to love Charlize Theron and quite like her, people infected with HIV/AIDS are of all colors. Google Ryan White. :)
The language used here is offensive to multiple communities of people. This is unacceptable. You need to use less harmful language.
That is terrible, just one year for each child rapped. Some countries just don't sentence like others.
While this is infuriating, the statements really need to be far more articulate to garner support for legislative changes.
The language used here is derogatory and offensive towards others, and should not be used in this context. You need to be more careful.
A cat dying caused all this tension, how upsetting. I feel bad for your kitty. Hopefully a new one comes to your door soon.
I'm very sorry to hear about your cat. I know first hand how hard it is to lose a fur baby.
The language used here is offensive towards multiple communities of people. This is unacceptable! You need to be more careful.
The FBI is known for recruiting the best of the best of the best as well. Or was that MIB.
I think you can make an impactful statement without using that type of hateful language.
I think I All meat baloney sammich.
I think you might be more impactful if you remove the hateful language.
I'm confused by the campaigns that tell people not to do bad things while pretending a lack of alternative activities doesn't exist.
I think you can make a much more impactful statement if you remove the hateful language that might be unintentionally hurtful.
Facts we can look up; fiction we can create all alone.
I think the hateful language is hurtful and may be offensive to others.
Please do not use defamatory homophobic slurs.
Debate is a lost art.
I think you can make an impactful statement without using such hateful language.
Do not be so disrespectful to a person based on their religion.
Hating on 'haters' only breeds more hate.
If you didn't insult people I'm pretty sure most people would agree with that you say.
People that are from Africa do not have a certain mentality, their all diverse like any other country. Stop hating so much.
You've expressed resistance to being labeled by others; perhaps not labeling others will help reduce this issue.
I love Emerson Biguns! They have got some great food!
Calling other users names tends to come off as juvenile.
I understand you're upset but words like that really hurt people.
Yes there certainly is such a thing as bad publicity. It is when people make up lies about you and post on the internet.
Name calling reduces the efficacy of your argument.
That wasn't funny and unnecessary
Just because she has money doesn't mean she is a brat. That isn't nice to say when you don't know someone.
I'm pretty sure you can get your point across without being hateful
Please let us avoid using offensive words and keep the discussion more calm and civil and not chaotic, thank you.
Please edit the direct attacks on others and use friendlier terms.
Please use more tender words that are not so condescending.
Please use some restraint and take out the debasing language.
Please stop the patronizing speech and use more affectionate words toward others.
Stamp out the comments that are degrading to others please.
Avoid using hateful racial slurs and anti- semitic slurs against others.
I think you can still make an impactful statement here without the hateful language.
I think you can make an impactful statement without the hateful language.
Do not use hateful slurs towards sexual orientation.
I think you can still make an impactful statement without the hateful language.
It is better to judge each person on their character, rather than their religion or lifestyle.
I think you can make an impactful statement by using more objective language.
Do not use hateful slurs towards others when responding.
Just because someone has a different religion, doesn't mean they are less than you.
I think you can make an impactful statement without using hateful/offensive language.
You sound immature referring to someone's race and sexuuality this way.
It is not necessary to refer to a person's race this way.
You really shouldn't refer to women by this word.
It is better to judge someone on their character, instead or their country of origin.
Your words are a bit harsh for a nationality you know nothing about.
There really isn't any reason to call anyone the N word in this day and age.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their racial background (nigger) and gender (cunt). Avoid such words.
You do not sound like you're a very nice person.  This kind of speech actually makes you sound pretty ignorant.
You're entitled to your opinion, but there are certainly other ways you could state that opinion without making yourself sound foolish.
Referring to a woman like this makes you sound sexist and ignorant.  Please, think before you speak.
First, this sentence makes no sense.  Secondly, that word is one of the most disgusting words in the entire english language.
We all opinions but this is too much. Try to respond to a different viewpoint with a subjective stance.
Totally unnecessary to hatefully insult people with disability while expressing opinion.
She was wrongly jailed. It wasn't even illegal to refuse the vaccine. These are our children and we have a right to refuse it.
Use of hateful language regarding ethnicity is unwarranted and impolite.
Christians and pagans of today are not the same. Perhaps research the religions more before making that statement.
Kavanaugh was never guilty for one. And second disagreeing isn't trolling, but when you degrade people, they won't listen to you.
Medication helps a number of mental ailments. However they cannot fix closed minds.
Mocking the disabled don't help to prove your point.
i think you might need some mental help
Money owed is money owed. Don't lend it if you can't trust repayment upon the agreed time.
Homophobic slurs don't help to get your point across.
im asking where my money is now give it here
She is still a human being, opinions ill always vary on politicians true characters but slander and death wishes can backfire.
These comments alienate women who might otherwise agree with your point.
or maybe her cough will go away
There is no reason as to why they're fighting in the first place. Fighting has no place here. An eye for an eye makes the whole world blind.
That word is offensive even when it is meant in a joking manner.
Memes on the internet are everywhere. No one meme will ever please every person on the web.
Sexual slurs are not necessary in this discussion.
bet you would not say that at a pride fest
I know debates can become heated, but I think it'd be better for all of us if we could remain calm and avoid using hateful language.
I wouldn't even pretend to understand that. But whatever you're saying try to be positive and you'll get positive responses.
I agree a lot of social media apps are banning people without cause. I know several who would make jokes and are banned for life.
I don't agree with this kind of name calling and hatefulness and I think there are more positive ways of getting our point across to others!
I don't know what she did but that is no way to talk about a woman. Have some respect.
I agree we all have the freedom of speech and the right to our opinion, but perhaps we should still be thoughtful and gentle with our words!
It is never ok to joke about cancer. My child has stage 4 cancer and it make me upset to read this.
It's easy to get upset when debating, but we should still always try and stick to the facts and avoid using hateful or hurtful speech!
I cannot wait to see this Kadokawa film! I started watching anime a few years ago and I'm hooked!
Insults are rude and unneccessary.
I think you can make an intelligent, impactful statement without using derogatory language.
Your comment is completely ignorant. Just stop
I appreciate the clever anecdote, however the hateful language at the end seems unnecessary.
I'm not sure if that type of language is necessary.
It doesn't make sense to hate an entire group of people just because of a stereotype.
Your comment is totally racist and ridiculous
I think you can make an impactful point using facts and intelligent conversation, the language here seems unnecessary.
Your racial slur is so stupid
I think the language used reduces the weight of your point. Try using more appropriate language to make an impactful statement.
Using foul language to describe a woman shows a lack of respect.
Everyone is entitled to their own opinions. You don't have to call people names just because they disagree with you.
Every country has the right to defend itself. Respecting each countries sovereignty is very important to foster long term relationships.
Replacing the foul language with more appropriate words will make it more pleasurable for others to read.
Calling people names just because of their race is very disrespectful to their culture and heritage.
It is better to judge someone on their character, instead of a group stereotype.
I'm sorry you feel that way, maybe we could have a civil discussion sometime when you have calmed down?
Macron and his lovely wife have three children.
There are a lot of positive things the Democrats have done, if you have time, I would love to discuss them with you.
Sure, they all have their own sets of problems, as does every politician and political donor. However, they have all done some good as well.
Discords crash all the time, how about a rematch?
Going after someones physical characteristics in a debate or disagreement isn't the preferred way to handle this.
I refuse to do any favors for someone who uses hateful words such as the n-word.
Why do you feel the need to insult an entire race for one person's actions?
Be careful about how you use words which could upset those with actual mental conditions.
Using words such as "retard" to describe things or people you disagree with or think are stupid is disrespectful to others.
Why do you feel the need to simply insult people on Gab? If you are really passionate, why not do something to make a difference instead?
Preempting something that might be seen as hateful doesn't make saying it anymore well received.
Please do not equate women with their genitals. Feel free to disagree but do not use hateful language.
If you don't want to use bad words, then simply don't use them. There is not point in saying that if you are going to use them anyway.
Removing the unnecessary harsh language and explaining what he did would be a better way to handle this.
I do not tolerate the use of denigrating words like "faggot" and "retard."  I have reported this post.
It is fine you called him out, but there is no need to propagate negative labels that is offensive just because it can be used insultingly.
Using slurs makes your contribution difficult to discern in this context.
The use of the n-word on this forum is unacceptable. I have reported your post.
Why makes you think a person's race makes him/her less qualified or adequate as a doctor? Any proof of your many such cases?
Hey there derogatory and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thx
Your comment contains a word that is offensive to people with developmental disabilities which are common.
Your comment is highly offensive and contains hate-filled rhetoric.
Your language displays a lack of character and contains offensive language.
You using a person's religion as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
Your comment is hate-filled and displays a lack of character.
It doesn't make sense to name call someone you've never met, just because of what the media says.
I think that type of language might be offensive to certain types of people, try using a different word next time.
I think you can make an impactful statement without using hateful words.
I think your opinion matters but those hateful words are really not necessary.
I think you have a right to an opinion, but the language you've used might be hurtful to those who want to hear you.
I don't think that language used is funny, try being mindful of others.
Regardless of whether we agree with her tactics, her actions were peaceful and harmed no one. I think at least we should respect that.
And you can't discuss this woman without deriding her.
An open debate is great, but name calling is distracting and adds to more confusion. Let's discuss your opinion on her son!
I can tell you that because many people raised by heterosexual parents join the military.
Disregarding his mothers feelings by using words like 'dyke' is saddening.
The fact that people resort to hate show they only wish to receive hate. There is no civilized intelligent conversation to be had here.
Your ignorant hate does not help your cause.
I simply don't understand why its necessary to use words like 'nigger' to describe someone.
It seemed someone wanted a reaction. Lets prove why humans are the dominant species and overlook hatred, evil, and racism.
I know you want to seem edgy but it just seems lazy.
I don't like that you are able to use the word 'nigger' so easily. Please refrain.
Oftentimes you must see underneath the underneath to realize some evil has nothing to do with you and everything to do with THEM.
If you think about it, every race is mixed at some point.
Please don't use such negative wording. Name calling and racial slurs are outdated.
they can arrest you for hate speech
Simply no need to hatefully insult people with disability to express opinion.
that not a good subject to discuss now
Totally unwarranted to hatefully insult people with disability while responding.
thats a hate crime
Use of hateful language regarding people with disability is impolite and unwarranted.
the only joke i can see are you to
Simply no need to use hateful term for women to express an opinion.
That is an offensive name to call a woman and an attack on her character.
no need for the t word please, you can dislike something and still be polite, please try that next time
Using words like retard insult people who are differently-abled.
the r word really is not need please, please try posting without bad language in the future thanks
That language is extremely offensive and represents a very dark part of US history. Please do not use language that was used during Jim Crow
The language that you are using was used during the Jim Crow era to discriminate against blacks. Please don't use it.
that is uncalled for please consider deleting your post after using the n word
That's not a nice or classy way to refer to someone.
You'll be taken more seriously without such hateful language, my friend.
There have got to be more appropiate ways to state your opinion without being so hateful.
I know you can do better, you know you can do better, let's do better together!
That's a pretty disgusting way to refer to someone.
Woof, this was confusing to read. Zero to sixty on the hate speech! I'm sure we can work on this in the future, my dude.
Words that attack people based on religion or are sexist in nature are neither careful, nor considerate.
Why can't she just be a cold hearted person?  Why does you have to use such offensive language?  It sounds so ignorant.
I'm sure that, no matter how bad someone is, they do not deserve such hateful language. You could be more kind.
Just because you don't agree with him, doesn't give you a right to call him offensive names.
I think that you're probably smart enough to be creative enough to not need such hurtful language.
Your language is highly offensive and your comment barely made sense.
We don't tolerate slurs on these forums. Future use of such language will result in a ban.
Your language is offensive to an entire group of people and is unwelcome here.
The word you've chosen to use is offensive to people with developmental disabilities and they are not rare so you should not use it.
Your language is highly offensive and is unwelcome here.
Your language displays a lack of character and vocabulary.
you make no sense and make yourself look stupid as fuck
Its inappropriate to use 'faggot or fag' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
you both make me sick
look at both of you you need jesus
Name calling does nothing more that start pointless arguments.
i bet youve been on the run for awhile
Come on, dude, there are way more creative insults than falling back on the average slurs. I believe in you.
Race and sexual orientation are protected characteristics and so this post qualifies as hate speech. Its author faces banishment.
Hey, you could just use the word 'stupid' or something. It's so easy to be kind in a world full of hatred.
Racism and disabled-bashing make these posts exemplars of hate speech and therefore are banned here. Please avoid--thanks!
Religious based (anti-Islamic), nationality-based (anti-Pakistan) and gender based hate speech all make this post subject to excision.
There are so many non hateful insults you could use while still expressing your hatred!
Hatred based on sexual orientation and ethnicity, both on display here, are not permitted on this site.
You could word your statement without all the racial and sexual innuendos.
Please refrain from using derrogatory, hate-filled and demeaning language. It will not gain you any respect in the long-run.
Speaking down on someone using such foul language speaks volumes about one's character.
You sound so hateful and should really look at not using racial or degrading words.
In order to further any attempt at meaningful discourse please avoid the use of inflammatory and derogatory language.
It really is tiring to hear the racial slurs when people are of a different color then you.
Vulgar and inflammatory/derogatory language will do nothing to further a healthy discourse. Please consider re-wording your comment.
You would sound more knowledgeable without the sexual comments and the degrading of a woman.
Please refrain from not only vulgar, but hate-fueled derogatory language. If you wish to be respected please give respect.
Name calling using such vulgar terms speaks volumes about one's character.
They are people just like you and me and deserve a chance just like everyone else
Antisemitism and disabled-hating ("ret--ded") constitute hate speech and therefore should not be used here. Please avoid--thanks!
I'm sure you can think of a nicer way to point out that your not attracted to people of a different race
A lot of older movies do have some questionable things in them. But we all should learn from the mistakes of the past and move forward.
Racism and the "n word" brand this clever exchange as hate speech. But that is forbidden here. Don’t let hate through the gate!
Give him a chance to prove himself. No one deserves to be called names like that because of their skin
"Fa--ot" as used here is an offensive term and should be avoided. Thanks for your understanding and future compliance.
He is happily married to a woman. A marriage is between two people who love each other gender has nothing to do with it
McGregor is awesome! Conor never even had a chance in this fight to start with.
Your comment is Islamophobic and homophobic, and that's not allowed here.
A woman that choices to have a certain faith doesn't deserve to be so disgraced. Be kinder in your responses.
Your Islamophobia is a violation of the ToS.
I don't think she would appreciate that comment. Though I do love her hair!
We do not permit sexist slurs here
It is great to be any color! I love diversity and how our country is evolving over the last decade.
Please do not use sexist slurs here, thanks
I don't believe that this conversation warrants all of the harsh rhetoric.  I am sure he is not retarted.
I am sure whatever this person did you was awful, let's keep this conversation civil and maybe we can resolve it.
I am sure that he cares about the girls, we are all human.
Your post uses speech that denigrates religious affiliation in  violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
It would be best to avoid hypocrisy such as claiming to speak for an entire gender yet bashing someone for doing the same
Using derogatory words does nothing to further your point and only causes your point of view to loose respectability.
You can make your point better with evidence instead of hateful language
A slur doesn't give an accurate description for a headline
Please refrain from using hate-fueled language.
An iceberg isn't religious and moonshine can be a delicious, quality product
Please don't fling insults. Please think of re-wording if you wish to be taken seriously.
Just insulting people on here doesn't contribute anything to the conversation
Immigration to America from peoples born outside the country has been going on for a lot longer than 50 years.
You can express a point of view without derogatory language. Please consider rephrasing.
Using that kind of hateful language doesn't contribute anything to this conversation
I've never understood the concept of someones sexuality being an insult. Being Hitler or a nazi is the insulting enough on its own
Please refrain from using hate-fueled and derogatory language.
None of this hateful language is contributing to this conversation
Those bombs are very scary. I cannot imagine working in that office and finding it.
I am sorry that the FBI even came to your house to bother you. Good job keeping your cool with those people too.
Be more respectful because I'm sure you don't want some stranger calling your mom or grandma such things.
A lot of anger towards this man. Be more calm and respectful to get your point across. I guarantee you people will listen more.
I don't know if Hitler would of ever used Twitter. Plus with his history they would probably ban him forever.
It is not nice to use such degrading language just because you do not like someone's race or sexuality.
Racial and sexual slurs take away from your view points
Mocking the incident and using degrading language does not make your retort effective
It is not necessary to call someone a nasty name just because they think differently then you.
Do not attack someone by calling them a mentally disabled person your argument loses credibility with this
There is a much better way to describe a little person.
racial terms are an inappropriate form of argument
You should have stopped with your first sentence it offered something and made sense.  The rest is worthless.
Just because a person has different political views then you does not mean you can call them names.
Labeling someone falsely as mentally disabled is inappropriate
This statement offers nothing of value
Your comment is not very mature and you should be nicer.
Racial and sexual attacks are inappropriate and archaic
Your comments offer nothing constructive, I get it you don't like the person but it does nothing to threaten and degrade
Your comment is offensive to homosexual people and display a lack of character.
Your comment is highly offensive to homosexual people and will not be tolerated here.
People have their own opinions, just try not to be offensive/unreasonable please. There is no need to use derogatory language.
Your comment contains hateful rhetoric and is unwelcome on this site.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their race (nigger) and gender (cunt). Refrain from such words.
Your comments are highly offensive and display a lack of character.
It is possible that many people feel the way she does, but it is considered traitorous here in the USA. So much for freedom of speech.
Please avoid the demeaning talk directed at others.
The robots have not been developed for the military. This is a clip from MIT, showing how far they have gotten. It is not race related.
Cut down on the language that is debasing to others please.
The Fourth Horseman, called "Conquest" refers to Christ's conquest over the sinful. Do you think this apples?
Please show your viewpoints without the damaging attacks aimed at others.
It was my husband's experience that when criminals are apprehended, most turn into little crying babies when confronted by hard time.
Decrease the negative words used against others please and be kinder.
It doesn't make sense to make fun of someone you've never met based on what the media says.
Taylor Swift has the minds and hearts of millions if not billions of little girls, who want to be her. They will copy her.
Avoid the demeaning words toward others and use more neutral words to express your views.
There's no need to use such hateful language, especially given that someone lost their life in this ordeal.
People don't get to choose their race. Please try to respect people for the choices they make.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (retard), race(negro and mongrels). Avoid such words
Using the word ' tranny cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender and sexuality. Avoid such words.
Michelle Obama is not a transvestite. Lets not involve that group in this discussion.
The use of that slang word is very offensive to disabled people.
It is really very sad that you live in fear, locked in your home, with guns drawn. it is no way to live.
There are many other ways to voice your displeasure than using that hateful word.
The both of you need to take some time figuring out what you want to do for the rest of your lives.
These homophobic slurs have no place in this thread.
You are alienating yourself and creating enemies every day that you post. Get out in the real world for a day or two.
Let people decide for themselves after reading the article without putting your hateful opinions in the post.
The proof of the pudding is that he speaks softly and intelligently. There is no comparison between Obama and Trump.
Race has nothing to do with this discussion about the CIA.
Are you sure you're not talking about the last episode of the X-Files?
Hateful language regarding disability status and religion is unwarranted and unintelligent.
I think you can make an impactful statement without using this type of hateful language.
Hateful language regarding sexual orientation is unnecessary and not humorous.
I'm not sure this statement is appropriate for this forum.
Hateful language regarding race is unwarranted and unintelligent.
I'm not sure that type of language is tolerated, try using more objective language to make the same point.
Hateful language regarding race and sexual orientation is unwarranted and unimpressive.
I think you can make a more impactful statement by using more objective language.
Use of hateful language regarding race and sexual orientation is unwarranted and nonsensical.
I think you can make an impactful statement without using hateful language that might be unintentionally hurtful.
That is offensive, please don't speak that way in front of others as it only makes you look bad.
Your comments are not welcome here. Please treat others with respect.
Racism is not cool, and it makes you look like a fool.
The only problem is intolerance. People need to learn to respect each others differences. Also, violence is never the solution.
as if you have a right to say that word like you own slaves which is against the law
Please remove the distasteful talk from your comments.
Please, you really dont have to bring race into it. I see your agitated but this isnt the right way to handle the situation.
everyone has a prefrence i mean look at your mom and dad
The words you say are very offensive so please stop using the hate talk.
But how would you feel if that was you starving, or your children starving. Try and put yourself in their shoes.
they are trying to survive the best they can they dont want tv cameras in there villages either
Please consider how others feel and use more softhearted language.
Name calling and spewing hate isnt going to help get your point out. Your problem is much bigger than this.
elton john is a very talented man
Please change the tone of the commentary to words that are less debasing.
Maybe you could try to be more accepting to what you dont understand.
i think you need your a@$ beat
Please avoid the despicable words toward others and be more caring to others.
Can we please avoid using hateful language like that here? Keep those opinions and thoughts to yourself.
That is a hateful thing to say. And a little too late. I think half of our country is already diverse and getting more beautiful!
There is no reason to degrade yourself using terms like that, I understand that you have distaste for feminists, but there are better ways.
Just because someone is a feminist doesn't make them a bad person. Have more love and compassion for those different from you.
"Ret--d" as used here offends many and should be avoided. Thank you for your help in keeping hate away.
There is a lot of hostility here, maybe take a minute or two to calm down before posting replies like this.
Wow that was a bunch of very unnecessary, bold statements. So much hate will eat you up inside, relax.
Spewing gender-based hatred ("who-e," "c--t"), racism (the "n word"), homophobic venom ("f-g") is banned on this site. Pls comply! Thanks.
Reverting to racist and homophobic insults is a pretty bad way to get your point across. Try and calm down first.
Dr. James Tour is a very intelligent doctor. If you're going to reference him than do it within a positive, intelligent feed, not this one.
Homophobic hatred ("f-g") and antisemitism ("The Jews" this and that) are insipid, uncompelling, grotesque and not permitted here. Pls note!
It honestly makes these issues even worse when you just start using the same insults, there are better ways to get your point across.
No teacher should ever enforce racism. That is the opposite of what we think our kids are being taught at school.
Racism, anti-ethnic slurs ("ch--k"), and the "n word" are not allowed here. So try and write like a pro—give hate the heave-ho!
I don't think that language is necessary, try using different language to describe someone.
Stop using that ignorant language.
I understand your point, but I don't think the type of language used is necessary to making an impact.
Using the word 'wetback' is offensive as it's a direct attack to someone based on their race. Avoid such words.
No need to resort to racism.
I don't think that type of language is necessary in making your point.
Its inappropriate to use the word 'chinaman' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race. Avoid such words.
I don't get why people use that term to refer to Chinese, it's so derogatory!
Perhaps if you used different language, you can avoid being banned next time.
Its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.Avoid such words.
Hey now, let's accept all sexualities.
I think the language used is not necessary to making an impactful statement.
That's upsetting for those with real mental handicaps!
Those words are very hurtful and offensive.
You have no idea what his day to day looks like. It's really disrespectful.
The language used here is racist, and offensive towards the disabled community. You need to use less insensitive language, and better words.
There is no need for racially insensitive terms.
The court made it's decision. We don't need more black people in prison who don't need to be there.
The term you have used is offensive to other people of color, and exemplifies racism. You need to be more careful with your word choices.
Let people express their opinions, you don't have to resort to hurtful and offensive terms.
I wouldn't care so much about what other people say on the internet. Waste your time on something else.
The term you have used is derogatory towards women, and should not be used lightly. You need to be more careful with your word choices.
Such hurtful words.  We should all try to get along better.
Really inappropriate and childish comment. Internet would be a better place if people like you didn't have so much free time.
The language you have used is derogatory towards the gay community and towards women. You can prevent harm by using a different word choice.
You should be more accepting of those whose sexual orientation is different from yours.
The term you have used is hateful towards the gay community, and unacceptable. You need to be more careful with your word choices!
You can express your self without using all that nasty language, someone would actually listen to you then instead of cringing.
Its inappropriate to use 'faggot and fag' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. Avoid such words.
I realize you are upset but there is no need to use the R word. I really wish people would take it out of their vocabulary already.
There is no need for that type of speech, you can speak just fine without using such terrible type of hate speech.
That is a really ignorant thing to say, you don't need to speak like that, people would take you more seriously if you didn't.
Its inappropriate to use the words 'Kike nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race. Avoid such words.
You have a vile mouth speaking that way, you need to be ashamed of yourself, you can speak without using such language.
Please don't call her a retard. She may make bad decisions but calling her a retard is not appropriate.
Why use such harsh words to talk! Please just be kind.
The N word is never appropriate. Stop being so terrible.
The c word is not appropriate and it just reflects badly on you to use that language.
You may disagree with someone but using that word is not ok. There are better ways to say you disagree.
This is homophobic.
Those words might be offensive to some people in the gay community, and there might be a better way to make your point.
If that is your opinion, we can end the conversation here. I wish you well!
You are being both sexist and Islamophobic. It does not do your argument much good.
Muslims can be very educated, and have the ability to be very cordial and smart.
I believe it's spelled "Muslims."
You might not have meant to use an offensive word but you did; could you be more considerate in future?
The word "retarded" is not a good choice, as it puts a stigma on people who have mental challenges.
I'm sorry to hear that you are upset at not having a smartphone.
you are being sexist and homophobia. It does not do you credit.
It's poor taste to classify a woman's style by using derogatory and generalized terms to describe it.
Everyone has a different look to them.
You are exhibiting race hatred and Islamophobia. I suggest you educate yourself.
Death threats can incite unnecessary tensions among people.
People who practice Islam are not bad people, they are peaceful.
Your comments are offensive, please remove.
Antisemitic and homophobic hate speech is forbidden on this site. Thanks for your understanding and future compliance.
Your offensive comments are not welcome.  Thank you in advance for removing.
Anti-Islamic hate speech is not allowed here. Remember: there's no room for hate in our world.
Please use more respectful language
Your comments are offensive, thank you in advance for removing them.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. Remember our fate ... is avoiding all hate!
Your choice of words is offensive
"Fa--ot" as used here is an offensive term and should be avoided. Thanks for your understanding and future compliance
The term you have used is derogatory towards the gay community and has no place here. You need to be more careful with your choice of words.
I think you can make a more impactful statement by selecting less hateful words to make a point.
It is better to make your political point if you don't attack somebody's sexual preference
The language used here is derogatory and very offensive towards women as a whole. You need to use less harmful word choices.
I think you can make a more impactful statement if you choose less hateful words.
It sounds like you have some broader issues about women.
The language used here is vulgar, and can be used as a derogatory statement towards women. You need to be more careful with your words.
I think you are certainly entitled to your opinion but you might be saying things that are unintentionally hurtful.
The term you have used here is derogatory and exemplifies racism. This is not tolerated. You need to use a less harmful choice of words.
I think you can make an impactful statement if you choose your words a bit more thoughtfully.
The language used here is racist, and this is not tolerated here. You can cause harm to others! You can prevent this by being more careful.
I think you can make a much more impactful statement without using hateful language.
There are a lot of ways to sum up this video, and this event that are more helpful than the hateful one you've chosen to use.
Wow, race really shouldn't matter love is love no matter what color you are.
Please don't attack her character. Please form a logical argument and don't fall prey to logical fallacies.
just because everyone uses the "N" word like a proper name does not make it proper here guys.
Words like this are hurtful and not politically correct we prefer just being called gay
Toronto is full of friendly, beautiful people. Please do not use such derogatory terminology so loosely.
cmon man, dont insult a whole group with one slur.
Anybody that is touched inappropriately has a right to complain, nobody has the right to touch someone with out permission
Have you researched her background before this statement? Please do your research beforehand. How would you feel if someone that to you?
dont make that word a catch all for every woman that upsets you, please.
If you don't have a well thought out reply, just ignore him instead of using derogatory commentary.
if you want us to listen you could make a real case with real words. i  dont even know what that means.
This movement is big and alot of people have acted inappropiately its time to to change
Please don't impose such derogatory language on others. The public is free to think what they want!
there are so many words you can use without needing the "r" word for everything. it just shows that you dont want to think.
By establishing yourself as a martyr for your cause, and complaining about it, you provoke commentary; in fact, all of your do.
There is no need to use that word, as you know, all you'd have to do would be to make fun of his tan.
You failed to answer the question and posted more hate rhetoric in the process.
How tiring this is to discuss. There was something inherently wrong with Kayne's performance in the White House. We can all agree on that.
It's just an accident. it would have been smarter if Mom had taken her child away from the skating and biking area.
It is better to judge each person by their character, instead of a racial stereotype.
It is not necessary to talk about someone's sexuality you know.
THere is no reason to bring people with special needs into this.
The way you talk about a person race and sexuality is not very mature.
Really, no reason to label a person with a disability when you don't know them.
they mustve not to bad
Please deliver your words with language that is less debasing to others.
Yo, opinions on The Simpsons aside...that word isn't okay.
your statement was a joke
Please find a way to express your views without using words that are hateful to others.
Racially motivated attacks and ableist slurs aren't needed to insult Elizabeth Warren.
whaere are your grandparents from
Please show how you feel without the horrible remarks toward others and be kind.
You can express your political opinions without using stupid slurs, thank you.
then dont follow it
Discuss your opinions without the damaging attacks on others please.
I'm sure you can find better things to do with your time than fighting hypothetical "libtards".
Twitter isn't going soft on hatful or racist posts anymore. You will get banned, not even a temp suspension anymore.
The problem may not be what you say, but how you say it.
Ginger smells good, but too much of it makes me stomach sick.
My son is a ginger. He's far from lazy.
neither one of these smell lke anything
If you're referring to African-Americans than they belong everywhere because our world is a diverse one.
LOL Australia has Aborigines which are the exact opposite of white. At bare minimum watch Crocodile Dundee!
good thing you dont live there
If they want to practice witchcraft as a form of religion, that is their right in this country.
Let's face it, anyone can slap their name on a ballot and run. Voting based on what letter is behind the name is horrendous and dangerous!
just dont get on those sites
A source of power is when you have control over someone and the vast majority follows your lead.
We established that the proper term was "brain damaged" a little later that night. Sorry ya didn't get the memo.
mustve been a smart one
To be honest GoFundMe was a great idea until all these frivolous campaigns starting hitting it. I'm not donating $100 to the wall.
Nationalism and Patriotism are two things we should take serious. So stop posting things that aren't relevant, let's get serious.
Not one person had a real answer to the questions being asked. Looked more like a hangout.
Just because you disagree with someone, doesn't mean they deserve to be name called.
Twitter isn't taking any of this stuff lightly. Gab will be next so I would learn to have more respect starting now.
It is better to judge someone on their character, instead of their lifestyle.
Do not assault people only because they have different views than you. That is just hateful and wrong.
The NFL has it's problems, but they aren't doing their players any favors. The Packers are doing great, and should be given more credit.
Others are entitled to their opinions, even if they don't agree with the masses. That's what makes our country so great.
Do you have an opinion on the subject, or are you only here to troll? I would love to hear what your thoughts are on this.
When you start with the name calling, you invalidate any point you may have made. Do you have any proof of these lies?
Its inappropriate to use the word 'spic' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race.
No one here is going to do anything, and our borders are not wide open. How about knocking off the posturing, and share viable solutions
Use of hateful language regarding religion is unwarranted and nonsensical.
and you just made yourself look like a dumbass
While we can ding someone on their policies, attacking them in that manner helps neither side.
Use of hateful language regarding race is impolite and unintelligent.
id like to point out how stupid you look
We have to remember to not hold one group accountable for the actions of a few, and that certain personalities are only on tv for eyecandy.
Use of hateful language regarding gender and sexual orientation is unwarranted and unintelligent.
you might need help
I don't think that Soros has ever been linked to as much as people would like to believe. Do you have any links that verify this claim?
Use of hateful regarding sexual orientation is unnecessary to express opinion.
i think you need to look in the mirror
No matter how you feel about her, you shouldn't use derogatory language towards females.
Nothing about your story was enhanced by tossing out the n-word, in fact it made you seem more foolish.
Please don't use the n-word. It's offensive.
Calling people retarded makes you seem more foolish than anyone you're talking about.
Retard is an offensive word. Just use stupid or idiotic.
If you weren't so hateful with your words, more people might listen to you.
Why are you filled with so much hate? Those are people too.
You guys should treat other people better. People shouldn't be stereotyped just because of their skin color
She was a presidential candidate just because you don't agree with her doesn't mean you have to insult her
I dont understand why people always blame Soros.
Smuggling anything is unlawful, but we should use his name instead so everyone knows.
If we could only focus on our similarities, rather than our differences we could focus on the real changes that need to be made in the world
They don't all have red necks anymore.
There has got to be a way for us all to work together for the common good. I feel the beginning starts with being kind to one another.
We should find out who they are and the backstory before we start putting labels on them like stickers.
What a shame it is that this space could have been used for something productive. Sadly, it is filled with hatred & profane name calling.
There is a way to help alleviate this situation; however, profanities won't help us. We could start a petition instead. Then a movement.
People shouldn't be locked up if there's evidence that they're innocent, no reason for anyone to eat anything or diet.
Antagonizing & profane name calling does not solve this problem. We can work together to come up with a plan of action, if you're willing.
I think you can make your point without using hate-filled words about the mentally disabled.
you could look to swap the n word with something much less offensive please.
You can make your point just fine without making fun of the mentally disabled.
please enough with the r word, this gets paraded round so often as if it is ok. please stop with it
You can express that you don't like the team without resorting to that form of vitriol
Put down ideas not people. There's better ways to make your point.
chill out you lot, there are important tones you are talking about ruined by your foul language
It's possible to put Eric down without resorting to hate speech. Try it.
come on enough with that for that language has no place online or anywhere for that matter
people get into countries all the time that they dont live in
kanye isnt even black
I'm pretty sure CNN did not use a racial slur.
the game hasnt even started
That slur was uncalled for and irrelevant to the conversation.
You can't define someone by their race as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
im sure you wake up everyday sad and lonely
Let people watch the video and form their own opinions without the racial comments.
cleaveland is actually a pretty historic town
Sexuality has nothing to do with this article.
I think you could have more impact if you used objective language rather than hateful rhetoric.
Please do not insult someone by throwing out a sexual identity slur, everyone has needs
The term you have used is offensive towards the gay community, and has no place here. There are better word choices that can you use.
I think you can make an impactful statement if you used more objective language.
The racial slur used here is an inappropriate adjective that is offensive to people of color
The term you have used here is vulgar, and a form of racism. This harms many others, and you need to prevent this by being more careful.
I think you can make a much more impactful statement if you used less hateful language.
This is offensive, people are people regardless of their skin color racial slurs should not be used as insults
The term you have used is racist, and it is not tolerated here. You need to refrain from using this term to prevent from harming others.
I think less hateful language can be used and still achieve the same rhetoric.
Sexual preference is not an insult, please do not label people in such a way
The language used here is offensive to multiple communities of people, and is not tolerated! You need to be more careful with your words.
I think a similar rhetoric can be achieved while using less hateful language.
Sexual preference is a preference not an insult, different strokes for different folks, get woke
The language used here is vulgar and very offensive to multiple communities of people. You need to be more careful with your words.
if you dont shut your mouth im going to make you cry a river
Calling him names doesn't help prove your point though. It only pushes you guys away from each other to cause problems with others later.
Hateful language regarding race and gender is unwarranted and nonsensical.
there is nothing wrong with jews what so ever
In all races their are some bad people. But the fact we can't talk about that with out getting upset and name calling is sad.
Simply no need to insult people with a disability to express opinion.
you probably helped dig them
The people of Mexico deserve to be in America if they want to. But just like everyone else they have to do it through legal means.
Hateful language regarding sexual orientation is unjust and nonsensical.
thats their choice
Just because you don't like them or don't agree with him doesn't mean you have to lower yourself and name call.
Hateful language regarding disability status is not warranted or humorous.
thanks i take that as a compliment
You don't necessarily know the details. Just because someone spent a great deal of money on something doesn't make them wrong.
Sure, someone coming  into your home uninvited is a problem, but its a generalized 'people' problem. Your description is uncalled for.
Racist remarks are not welcome here. Please be considerate of other people here.
If you have nothing of substance to say, keep your vile opinions to yourself.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their race and sexual preferences(nigger, mudsharks)
It is unnecessary to use the word nigger, all races should be accepted equally in our society, and are just as good as you.
As long as she is in love and he treats her right it doesn't matter.
Using the word retard is offensive due to children and adults having disabilities, it is very insensitve towards them.
Next time try to use a word that doesn't hurt people who are mentally handicapped.
Calling Hillary a cunt is wrong and an example of misogyny. Just because you don't agree doesn't mean put down women.
Because people are not animals. If you believe she is guilty you should want to see her in jail not dead to vigilante justice
Avoid words  that directly attack one based on their mental health (retard), sexual orientation (faggot), and religion (muzzies)
There is a ridiculous and uncalled for amount of racism and lack of education here, cultures and races need be accepted.
This is the reason we are divided. We can't have a conversation without calling each other names
It is NOT ok to call black people niggers, it is racist and oppressive to them. The only difference between you and them is melanin.
Violence is never the answer to any problem. We should always be civilized and talk our differences out.
We can all agree that religion is a very sensitive topic and subject to speak on. Lets try to have these conversations without emotion.
The Old Testament is the original Hebrew Bible, the sacred scriptures of Jewish faith, while the New Testament were written by Christians.
You have no way of knowing who down voted you so why do you feel immature need to string together negative labels?
Their sexual preference does not influence their decision making.
Do you have any proof to support this? Correlation doesn't equal causation.
Please consider the sensitivity of their DNA results.
Why does submitting a DNA sample for FamilyTreeDNA make you aryan? Also why use offensive words rather than explaining your view?
Your comment could be perceived as racially biased. I would reconsider your opinion. Thank you.
Why do you feel to degrade people more successful than you? Perhaps your rage is a you problem rather than a them problem.
Just because a society is third world doesn't mean it's retarded
Just because someone is from a different country, doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you.
Obviously if a person is running from a 3rd world country they don't want to go to another one. That is common sense.
Education is the best weapon you can have. You explained the Jewish timeline perfectly.
Fighting over a fight is pushing it. A fight on TV is for entertainment, let's just leave it at that.
Correct, racist don't own Gab or any other social media. Free speech is exactly that FREE. Speak as you will, but respectfully.
Using a derogatory term to describe people you don't like is putting down the people with actual mental disabilities.
Using a word that negatively references someone with a mental disability or faith does not promote understanding.
You'll attract more people to the discussion if you tone down the harsh words.
Woah! Please do not use racist slurs when voicing your thoughts.
I would focus more on on his work practices you don't like as opposed to someone's perceived sexual preferences.
Please avoid using hateful words regarding a persons sexual orientation.
I think your point would be perfectly clear without all of the excessive speech.
Avoid using racial slurs and homophobic slurs when replying to others.
Include your reasoning for your statement instead of focusing on other characteristics.
Do not use hateful homophobic responses to posts.
When discussing groups of people it's better to use proper names instead of one's deemed controversial.
This is not a place that you can express hateful racial slurs.
I'm not sure of the point you're trying to make with that type of language.
Your comment is highly offensive and displays a lack of character.
You sound upset; however, those words are offensive to Blacks and insulting to those with weight problems.
Your comment contains hateful rhetoric and displays a lack of character.
You used a horrible word to describe gays. Plus, I dont think its necessary to bring up race to tell me this story.
I'm not sure if that comment was necessary, you can make a much more meaningful statement without using that type of language.
Your comment contains language that is offensive to millions of people and displays a lack of character.
This could be offensive to certain racial groups and there has to be a better way to motivate them.
I'm not sure what impact you're trying to make with that language.
Your comment is tackless and displays a lack of character.
That term you used is very offensive to women. Id appreciate if you used another term when describing the reporter.
Your comment contains language that is offensive to many people on this site and will not be tolerated.
You used a lot of derogatory words. Perhaps theres a better way to describe these people.
You should try to get along with everyone and not be so hostile.
The antiemetic, anitethnic, anti-female and anti-gay hate in this post is banned and unnecessary. Remember: there's no room for hate here.
Others will be able to better consider your point of view if the foul language was removed.
I support peace and acceptance of all people.
Homophobic and antisemitic hatred mar any actual point here. Try and write like a pro--and give hate the heave-ho!
You can talk about the food you want without using ethnically offensive terms.
"C--n," being race-based opprobrium, is banned in this forum. Please avoid it. Let's make a date to stamp out hate!
We should all try to get along peacefully and not use hateful language.
"Fa--ot" as used here is an offensive term and should be avoided. Thanks!
We should all try to get along without using ethnically offensive terms.
Ethnicity-based hatred is prohibited in this forum. Words have power, we must be careful how we use them.
Using racial slurs speaks volumes to one's character.
All legally enforced public segregation was abolished by the Civil Rights Act of 1964. People are free to procreate with who they please.
Derogatory statements are unnecessary when responding to a news article.
Inappropriate and racist headlines are unwanted by people clicking the link.
Just because someone is a different race, doesn't mean they are  a bad person.
Using sexist remarks and name calling is not helpful in proving a point.
A meaningful conversation can not happen if vulgar and demeaning insults are being flung. Please think of re-wording you comments.
There is no need to propagate negative gender labels insulting an entire gender due to one woman.
It is possible to disagree with someone without the use of derogatory language. Please refrain from using vulgar language.
How much do you know about Islam's teachings and its oppression to women?
Hitler is not an idol to be looked up to, nor is Anti-Semitic language appropriate. Please refrain from expressing the inflammatory views.
What evidence do you have for jewish people being inherently inferior and tyrannical? Wasn't Hitler's actions more so?
We are moving forward as a society. Please do not take steps backwards and make the same mistakes we have in the past.
If you cannot express your thoughts in a respectful way, please refrain from commenting. Insults and inflammatory language are not  welcome.
Why do you choose to hate on an entire race for a simple amusement?
Please avoid the use of vulgar language when expressing your viewpoint.
I understand why you may dislike him, but how about choosing better words to not propagate negative labels that insult an entire gender.
you need to be locked up for life for using that language
I understand where you are coming from, however, I find your language to be offensive.
the curse was so nice you said it twice
If you would like Twitter to remove your limited state, I'd recommend against the use of offensive language.
you have some deep seated hatred for some reason
I understand you're upset, but we do not know what she could be going through that could be causing her behavior and dressing the way she is
this convo was fine until you opened your mouth
I understand everyone has the right to their own opinion, but please refrain from being offensive, racist, and stating nonfactual comments
calm down buddy it's not that serious
I know you're a better person than the way you're acting. Please refrain from using offensive language so people can see you for you.
i think you need to look in the mirror when you get off this site
Please do not use derogatory language for women or intellectual disabilities.
shes not going to go skydiving
i would love to be anywhere but here
get a load of this douche
Using a derogatory term against someone is putting down the people with actual mental disabilities.
and yet here you sit in your moms basement being stupid
Expand on why you think he is what you say he is without resorting to just insults.
Religion or sexual orientation  shouldn’t be a category that is demeaned.  Focus on the objectionable behavior, not who someone is.
Explaining your position rationally and without pejorative language works just as well.
The amount of unnecessary words makes it hard for other readers to understand what you are saying.
Race and sexual orientation should never be used as an insult.  It’s wrong and it detracts from any other argument you are presenting.
You can tell someone you don't like them in clearer ways that are much more effective.
Even when you have strong opinions, try to remember certain words upset people that may have conditions they can't change.
Regardless of your feelings towards Kathy please do not label her with a mental disability as an insult
Please do not use religious idealogies an insult towards another person
I don't think using words to demean a persons faith, or that are sexist are careful in conversation.
Please do not use sexual identity to insult another human being
Words that attack people's disability, gender identity or religion are neither careful, nor considerate.
Please do not call people of color by that slang word it is offensive to remind them of their ancestors suffering
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their race (nigger) and gender (cunt). Avoid such words.
Please do not refer to people of color with such slang words, it is offensive to single someone out because of the color of their skin
Words that are sexist or attack someone's race are neither careful, nor considerate.
You are in no position to chide the Royalty, as you are not one, and there is no need to disseminate race hatred.
They are called African Americans
I can understand your frustration, but if you remained civil in your speech, you might get back on yourself.
Having a difference in opinions does not need to lead to name calling
The argument is whether or not to allow pedophiles to use anime to get away with their lusts. I am afraid they will do it in real life.
Everyone is entitled to their opinion
The discussion of the Antifascist Party is hurtful to all of us at Gab and I would prefer not to read about it.
A more related word you could use is coward
The whole idea of pedophiles using anime to hide their lusts, and being upset about not being able to share it is abhorrent.
Using slurs only makes your argument weaker
Everyone deserves respect, no matter where they are from.  There is no reason to insult a race of people because of their country of origin.
He will be investigated . I cannot understand why you must bring religion into this. Reminds me of pre-WWII sentiments.
I think everyone should be entitled to fight without being subjected to racism, that is how we find out who the best is.
There is no reason to resort to vulgar homophobic insults.  You can argue your point without name calling.
The person experienced being beaten. That's not just having his feelings hurt.
I think we're focused on the wrong thing here, we can do better than this hatred in a sad situation.
There is no reason to resort to vulgar racial slurs.  You can make your post without insulting a race of people.
It's a little hard to figure this one out. He broke in and was shot. They don't know anything else.
Using a derogatory term isn't going to make anything better in this situation.
We are all people and deserve respect, no matter what color our skin is.  There is no reason to use vulgar racist names when posting.
if this was done the country would break out in civil war, millions of people would be killed, and our way of life lost forever.
The diversity in America is what makes it great, if people accepted that it would be greater.
There is no reason to insult a person's religion or race.  America was built on the premise that we are all created equal and have freedom.
Kumail Nanjiani is a Pakistani-American stand-up comedian, actor, podcast host, and writer best known for being on HBO's Silicon Valley.
I think we could use a better word to describe someone that isn't derogatory.
Sexual preference should not be used as an insult
Ethnicity should not be used as an insulting adjective, don't promote racism
Just because you disagree with someone does not make them mentally disabled
Do not use such racial slurs please
Just a very unintelligent response, you should work on expanding your vocabulary.
Your post contains offensive/hate speech which is strictly prohibited.
It seems to me that the Jews arent the racists ones. Saying that all Jews are "Racist retarded robots" sounds pretty racist to me.
Your post contains language that is classified as hate speech. Future infractions will result in account restrictions/termination.
I dont think bashing her and accusing her of being a white supremacist it the right way to go.
Your comment has been found to contain hate speech. Make sure that future posts are free of such offensive phrases.
But why though, what would make you come to that conclusion?
Your post contains offensive language which may lead to a loss of your account privileges on this platform.
You don't have to let your hate control you. Embrace love and understanding, and you'll be a happier human.
It doesn't make sense to wish death on someone you've never met just because of what the media says.
Using the N-word just negates any meaningful argument you could've had.
Please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabilities or use racial slurs.
I encourage you to reevaluate what has made you into an ignorant hateful being.
It is better to judge someone on their character, instead of a racial stereotype.
That word is offensive to mentally handicapped people, please use a more creative insult.
There is literally no reason to use a word like that when discussing politics.
Just because Nancy Pelosi disagrees with your opinions doesn't mean you should insult her.
Please do not use terms insensitive and degrading terms.
I don't think sexist words that demean a person with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation.
Please show respect to women like Kamala Harris and don't call her that
Please do not use degrading terms to describe someone.
How do you know Alex Jones is that? Please don't call him things without proof
Please do not use offensive terms to describe someone.
Even if you disagree with abortion, you don't use that word to describe a woman's vagina.
Please do not use words that would be seen as degrading.
How would your mom feel to hear you call African Americans that?
Please do not use insensitive and degrading terms to classify someone.
Use of hateful language regarding race and sexual orientation is unwarranted and impolite.
Use of hateful language regarding women is unwarranted and unintelligent.
Simply no need to use hateful language regarding women to express an opinion.
Boys , calm down you are both pretty!
Slurs and derogatory language are never tolerated on this forum. Future use of such language will result in a ban.
We don't use the R word anymore.  Call him a bad person instead
We don't use the R word anymore.  Call them a bad person instead.
You are quite creative with your insults.  You should put your talents to better use writing children's books.
No one talks that way anymore, bro.  We have evolved to saying that people are double good or double plus bad.
I doubt she would want you to touch her. She has someone who loves her for who she is, and calling a group unclean won't change that.
Your opinion becomes lost among your vulgar language, please refrain!
I'm not sure the hateful language is necessary. I think you can make an impactful statement by being more objective.
Using words like that about women only make you seem like the bad guy.
I know there is a better way to describe someone with strong feelings outside of name calling.
I think you can make a more impactful statement by removing the hateful words from your rhetoric.
Calling news channels words like that makes you look worse than what you're against. If you're polite, your points are much better made.
Very strong and interesting opinion, but the use of 'cunt' is inappropriate.
I think you will make a more impactful statement if you remove the hateful language from your rhetoric.
The great thing about the Western world is we accept other cultures and integrate them to adapt them to us, as long as we don't insult them.
I don't appreciate your use of the word 'nigger' its offensive and dulls your point.
I think you can make a more impactful statement by removing the hateful language from your rhetoric.
Instead of throwing slurs at "leftists," it would help if you could express your point civilly. You might convince people better that way.
I think you can disagree in a more impactful way without the hateful language.
Eradicate the abusive speech from your comments.
That is really sexist, you shouldnt express about woman in that way, your comments disrespect us all.
If you don't like her fine but you shouldn't just throw out insults like that.
Please verbalize your opinions without the hate talk.
Stop it with the racist comments already, keep them to yourselves and respect others.
Stop the foul talk against others and use more pleasant language.
So much hate in your words, if someone has a different tone of skin you should respect that.
You need to calm down and breath. If you really are wanting to hurt people I hope you get some help.
Quit the offensive talk and be kind with your words please.
Stop it, you are not only offending the LGTB community but everyone, your comments are out of line.
Maybe using that word was the problem. You might not think it but that word hurts a lot of people
Remove the distasteful comments, and please give your opinions in a more objective manner.
You shoudnt act in a racist way just because you want something, you can ask politely and not in a way that is disrespectful.
Stop using a word that was only invented to hurt and hold back a entire race. Try to grow up and learn that we are all the same.
My mother always told me to not say anything at all if I didn't have anything nice to say.  Others should take the same advice.
The "N word" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary. Thanks!
The wall is not planned to prevent "wetback assholes" from entering the US, rather that there is a right way to go about it.
It is better to judge someone on their character, instead of their country of origin.
Unicorns are also loved by children.
The term "fa--ot" is offensive to many people and so should not be used in a political commentary. Thanks!
Calling women a "c--t" is hateful, humiliating and demeaning; it should be avoided here. Thanks!
That's a strong opinion and it's okay to disagree.  Just treat others as you wish to be treated.
I think you can make a more impactful statement if you use less hateful language.
I think you can make a much more impactful statement if you choose to use less hateful language.
I think you can rebut more effectively if you choose language that is less hateful.
Your post uses speech denigrating sex and gender, and/or sex. orientation and religious affiliation in violation of Com. Guidelines and TOS.
I think you can make a more impactful statement if you use objective language rather than hateful language.
Your post uses speech denigrating sexual orientation, race, disability and sex and gender in violation of Community Guidelines and TOS.
I think you can make an impactful statement by using less hateful words.
That was completely uncalled for, people might actually respect you if you didn't speak with such vile words.
The term you have used here is derogatory towards women, and should not be used! You need to use less offensive language to prevent harm.
Someone might actually look at your page if you stopped using such vile language.
The term you have used here can be derogatory towards women, and should not be used in this context. You need to use better word choice!
It would be great if you stopped using the re word, it is a terrible word and there are plenty of things you could use instead.
The term you have used here is highly offensive to the disabled community, and should not be used here. You should use better word choices.
Both of you are vile for speaking like this about another human being, you have no heart and should be ashamed of yourself.
The terms used here are racist, and have no place here. You need to use less offensive language, to prevent causing harm to others.
It doesn't really matter what someone looks like, you used a loaded and terrible word, it would be nice if you stopped using that word.
The term you have used here is offensive towards the disabled community, and should not be used here. You need to be more careful.
Please do not use racist language on this site.
It is not okay to refer to a race different then yours with this or to bash a woman this way.
Your post contains high levels of racism. Please do not post that here, it is not appropriate.
You really should not use the racial slurs to describe races different then yours.
Words that attack someone's race, national origin or religion are neither careful, nor considerate.
Don't label someone with a special need that you know nothing about.
You are full of hate, please think before referring to another race with such slurs.
Please keep your descriptions free of offensive slang terms.
Using that word dehumanizes people with mental disabilities.
People are free to have their own opinions, you don't need to use offensive and insensitive slang.
The correct terminology is having an intellectual developmental disorder.
The correct word to use is gay or homosexual. The is no typical gay person. Generalizations cannot be made about people and their sexuality.
I honestly feel that we as commenters should rise above the hateful speech and use our words for good, not name calling!
I would like to inform you that interracial couples and biracial children are a welcomed and accepted part of society.
It's always sad when a loved one hurts you, but it's better to stay strong and kind than curse and call people ugly names!
I would like to inform you that there is an overbearing history of racist baggage that comes with the use of the N word.
While this may be just light-hearted banter, I still think we need to be aware of how our use of language could be offensive to others!
The correct term for someone that is gay is homosexual. But homosexual is not an appropriate classification for the link provided.
I get that name calling can be taken lightly, but perhaps we could reevaluate our language and use less hurtful terms for each other.
Whoa there, xenophobic and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Sexual preference, like race, is something we're born with.
"Fa--ot" as used here is an offensive term and should be avoided. Thanks for your understanding and future compliance!
The use of that word shows we're no where near to being a post-racial society.
Racism, the "n word," and antisemitism, because they are examples of hate speech, are banned from this forum. Please comply, thank you!
It may be time to stop eating dairy products if the name makes you hostile.
Both "fa--ot" and anti-Islamic hatred are forbidden here. So make your point without them. Thank you!
Whoopi's an accomplished woman. It would make more sense to refute her assertion.
Racist hatred and the use of the "n word" are forbidden here. Thank you for your help in keeping hate away.
Bigotry can't exist without ignorance.
Anti-Islamic, homophobic and anti-disabled hate speech is forbidden 
 here. Words have power, so please be careful how you use them.
Please do not use such harmful language. We are moving forward as a society. Do not take steps backwards.
Exclude words that are abrasive to others please when sharing your thoughts.
I understand your passion for this topic but I think you can come up with a better term for the people you're referring to.
This is very disrespectful and racist. We are all moving forward as a society. Please do not take steps backwards.
Please remove the scornful comments directed at others.
I understand your frustration with this topic but please don't use hate speech that will hurt more than the intended person.
Please do not move backwards. We are all moving forward as a society. Do not make the same mistakes our ancestors have made.
Please bring an end to the hate talk and use more appropriate language.
I'm sure you're able to make your point without all the hateful slurs here.
Using vulgar language and racial slurs speaks volumes about one's character.
Spewing hate speech isn't going to change anything, it just strengthens who you are fighting. Speak with dignity next time.
No one deserves to be reffered to in this way, you need to be ashamed of yourself, grow up.
Hatred is uncalled for, hating another race is frowned apon, you may be able to say what you want but it doesn't mean you should say it.
Using such a foul term to describe a woman speaks volumes about one's character.
I took nothing in your comment seriously because you felt the need to spew hate speech about another human being good bye.
You are a really ignorant and close minded person The media is feeding this race war thing and you are eating into it with your nasty speech
Race has nothing to do with this discussion about sexual equality.
a business has the right to refuse business to anyone.
That is a really offensive comment to disabled people and their families.
If you don't like the show you should not watch it.
The article speaks for itself, there is no need for racial slurs.
Using derogatory terms like that only hurt the group as a whole
That is a very inappropriate racial slur to be using on this post.
That is a terrible thing to say about someone. You should try to treat them more like you want to be treated,
There are probably women who would agree with you if your didn't offend them with anti-female slurs.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of   of disability in violation of Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
Imagine how much we could actually get accomplished if we did not have to insult one another and could just talk
Your post uses speech denigrating gender and/ot sexual orientation in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
In war sometimes people do things that isn't them. But we as a whole have to move forward from that
Your post uses speech denigrating disability in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
It doesn't matter what his skin tone or ethnicity is. People who wish to cause others harm need to be locked up.
Nice way to hide your anger there. Sounds like you might be hiding something you yourself.
The term "faggot" and anti-Islamic hatred are offensive to many people and so should not be used in a political commentary. Thanks!
No need to stoop that low to use such a term
"Fa--ot" as used here is an offensive term and should be avoided here. We don’t let hate through our gate!
i'm sure there are other ways you could express your anger.
Only way you'd know they were there is if you were also so you might want to watch what you call people. Glass houses and all.
There is no need to stoop to that kind of term. You can show people that you are better than what they think of you if you do.
Hi there, homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments Thanks
You may hate someone but you don't have to pollute the place up with your nasty speech, learn how to talk without such hate speech.
Hateful language regarding sexual orientation is unwarranted to express opinion.
You don't need to resort to using such hate speech, you need to learn how to express yourslef without calling people names.
Hateful language regarding people with a disability is unwarranted and not humorous.
To define someone by their sexuality shows your narrow mindedness as people act out of their perceived norms all the time
No one is ever going to read your post with language like that and say "hey he has a good point".
Hateful language regarding sexual orientation is unnecessary and unintelligent.
Your comment was uncalled for and just garbage to begin with, you need to learn how to speak nicely to people.
It is not necessary for you to say that, we understand how you feel, but that language is not necessary
They liked to be called African Americans and you don't need to use those words to try to get your point across.
It is not necessary for you to use that language to get the point across about what you believe in.
There is no reason for you to use that type of language, if you want to get your point across then use better words to do it.
That word is not necessary to use. If you want people to listen to you, use words that people will actually respect.
Name calling someone you've never met is not going to solve anything.
People who chose to be trans deserve all the respect. It is very brave for someone to come out like that
A woman is an independent person that can make her own decisions.
A woman can pick who she wants to be with. Race in no way should impact who you chose to love
Name calling someone you've never met isn't going to solve any problems.
You need to calm down. You have no reason to insult anyone that way.
Minimum wage needs to be set at $15 federally and forced upon every state.
Sounds like someone is asking someone out on a date. Good luck with that. Might want to ask nicer though.
Perhaps the investigation will turn out to be nothing. I mean not everyone investigated is guilty.
That is awful to say about someone with a mental illness. That could of been a relative.
The Ramones are pretty awesome. The lobotomy song is a theme song at work!
Hateful language regarding sexual orientation is unjust and not funny.
Even if this platform is free-speech, there is no need to be blindly hateful.
Hateful language regarding religion is impolite and unintelligent.
That slur is childish and misinformed. Try again.
Using such foul language when trying to get others to follow you may not be very effective.
Hateful language regarding race and sexual orientation is unwarranted and not humorous.
You must be very non-imaginative if all you can come up with for insults are tired slurs.
Hateful language regarding race is unnecessary and nonsensical.
The n-word should never be in your vocabulary. Change your language.
There are much more appropriate ways to describe someone besides resorting to vulgar language.
Please dont use gender bias
Use your words, talk this out.
Use of language that is hateful based on disablity is not accepted here.
Disabilities aren't funny, try to be nicer.
Avoid using mental impairments as a way to insult others.
Use of derogatory comments that are hateful toward people having disabilities are unacceptable.
Please keep the hate speech to a minimum, that being none.
Do not use mental disabilities as a way to insult others.
The use of deragatory about jews and muslim  is not acceptable on this site .
You lot should all calm down. Name calling never got us anywhere.
Avoid using anti-semitic slurs that regard cultural background and race.
Using anti muslim statements and words that make fun of disablities is not acceptable on this site.
Everyone calm down, personal attacks aren't helping.
that doesnt make them bad people it makes them better than we are actually
If we need them in this country because we refuse to do certain jobs, than we need to accept responsibility
AVoid words that directly attack people based on their mental disabilities such as retard and idiot
you fed yourself there guy
I am not entirely sure what message you are trying to get across here.
take a look in the mirror
Unfortunately, all groups, Jewish or otherwise have persecuted in one way or another.  If we keep doing it to ourselves, it will never stop.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (retard) and gender (hag). Avoid such words.
i agree that its against freedom of speech but not all countries have that right
Just because we don't believe in a certain point of view doesn't mean we should resort to name calling.
more of a man than youll ever be
I am not entirely sure why he deserves to be described in such a way.  Even though you don't agree with him, the name calling may be toomuch
People have their own opinions, just try not to be offensive please.
you can barely spell get out of here
you very well could be one as well
there are more important things than arguing over this
some people prefer a darker race
Jane Fonda is much to old to be getting involved in this stuff.
Please calm down and attempt having a productive conversation. Thank you!
I think you could make a more impactful statement if you removed the hateful language.
Hey why not, just bring the frog back. I love Kermit and Miss Piggy from the Muppets!
Language like this is unnecessary, please refrain in the future. Thanks!
I think you can make a more impactful statement if you used more objective language.
Do not be so hateful to other races. I am white and I don't like when it's done to me.
Please attempt to avoid language like this going forward. Thank you!
I don't think life should ever be put on Mars. We are fine right here on Earth.  I doubt even fruit can grow there.
Please refrain from this type of language going forward, Thank you!
Every nation is good and has diversity among its religions. It's just some countries are more than others.
Please avoid using this type of language in the future, Thank you!
I'm not sure this comment is appropriate for the conversation.
Feminism is a group of people who believe in one cause. It doesn't have to be a male or female, both have valid arguments.
making your point without resorting to name calling would work much better and maybe get your point across.
I don't see how Republicans are playing the victim. Perhaps if you leave out the negativity I can understand more.
Funny how to make your point you use the very language you hate.
All races deserve to live outside of poverty. Children especially didn't ask to be here, have a heart.
well with language like that you aren't helping yourself look any better.
I wasn't aware that the color of my hat must match my race or that it even mattered in the first place.
you're letting your anger show and its showing your true self it seems
Positive energy and a positive attitude towards others. Especially those who have different view points.
"Ret---d(s)" as used here offends many and should be avoided. Thank you for your help in keeping hate away.
Avoid the hateful speech please and use kinder words.
Kavanaugh was a pawn that they used for an agenda. I am glad the truth came out. I feel for his poor family.
Take out the degrading talk and use words with more positive feeling.
The last I checked we are all of the same species; humans. But as for the arrest, if you make a threat than that's what happens.
Do away with the demeaning words and use gentler words.
Using "ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. Thanks!
Please remove the disagreeable talk to others and use kinds language.
Whatever point you're making is lost when you start calling people these names and going off topic.
Using "ret--d" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. Thanks!
Abolish all the degrading talk and express your thoughts with care to others.
I think you can still make a point and an impactful statement without using hateful language.
I think you can still make an impactful statement without using that type of language.
I think that you can make an impactful statement without using hateful language.
I believe you can make an impactful statement without using that type of language.
I don't believe that type of language is necessary to express yourself.
Do not use homophobic slurs and racist terms when posting.
come on it is only football, if that is what you are referring to in amongst that bad language
You should really think about using intelligent comments and not reacial and sexual comments as it will make you seem smarter.
Avoid using hateful terms regarding a persons mental disability.
the r word has no baring here, please leave it out
Please do not refer to the female gender using that vulgar term.
leave out the c word please, no need to spread any more hatred then there already is
It really isn't okay to refer to women like this even if you do not like them.
Please do not disguise a persons mental disability in other words .
come on that is enough, find something better than to spread the use of the c word, no need
You would sound smarter if you didn't use such language to talk about a woman even if you don't like her.
Stop using hateful racial slurs when posting on feeds.
strange phrasing but not exactly the kindness either
If you don't like a race, you should just stay silent.
Leaving the last part of your comment out would be even more effective to get your point across.
With all do respect it is inappropriate to attack someone using race.
This conversation is much more enjoyable if you remove the slang terms.
Attacking someone for their beliefs, gender, or national origin are inappropriate and will not be tolerated.
It's more desirable to leave out the sexual references when trying to make a point.
Calling someone names does not add to the productivity of the conversation, better to stay on point.
The use of language that denigrates someone based on their race, sexual preference, or disability is unacceptable and will not be tolerated.
Let the article do the talking instead of adding your own opinion which will probably turn a lot of people off.
Attacking someone based on their race, country of origin, or religion is unacceptable and will not be tolerated.
Lets refrain from attacking someone's character to get a point across. There are real people that find these words offensive.
Please define the two so we can all be on the same page.
The term "fa--ot" and homophobic hatred are offensive to many people and so should not be used in a political commentary. Thanks!
He might not mind his bunkmate if his face is so pretty.
We have the right to an organized militia and the right to bear arms. Yet, notice the erosion of both by a standing military.
Smaller baller...
I'm sure it would cause quite a few discussions.
Please refrain from using hate speech on Gab, Thank you!
Please refrain from using hate speech on Gab.
Please refrain from hate speech while on Gab, Thanks!
Please refrain from using hate speech going forward.
Please refrain from using hate speech while using Gab, Thanks!
Its inappropriate to use the word 'rednecks' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race. Avoid such words.
I would have never guessed that such is your real name. Interesting...
If this is how the next war begins I don't believe this is what any of us would truly want for future generations to read.
Race, creed, color, religion or nationality have very little to do with operating a motor vehicle.
While I do not disagree with your sentiment, using such language really cheapens your otherwise valid point and makes us all look bad.
Alyssa Milano is not a homosexual however I do believe she is a shining example of how the wealthy see things through rose colored glasses.
You can criticize without throwing out vulgar words. Please reconsider your phrasing.
Don't use the word retard please. It is very offensive to me.
It is impossible to further any meaningful discourse without respect for others. Please reconsider your words.
That word is not okay. It offends many people, even if you are not using it towards them.
Please don't use "free speech" as an excuse for hate-fueled inflammatory words.
My aunt and uncle are nice people. Stop saying that.
Insulting others will do nothing to further your point of view nor will it gain you respect.
Are you a scared of gay people? Don't call him a faggot.
If you have nothing productive to add to a conversation, please refrain from posting.
No need to even discuss sexuality on this thread.
or maybe dont tell someone else what to do
you might need help as well as the rapist
You could have made your point without the racial slur.
No need to bring sexuality into an article about a 6 year old kid.
i would actually rather be in sweeden
A lot of women might agree if it weren't for the anti-female remarks.
it seems like maybe you dont like trump i could be wrong though
I'm not sure that type of language is necessary in this type of debate.
I'm not sure that statement is as impactful when that type of language is used, try saying something more objective.
I think you can make a much more impactful statement if you used more objective language rather than a hateful rhetoric.
I think your comment would hold more weight if you used more objective language rather than hateful rhetoric.
Hey! No need for the rude language, there are many other ways that you could go about speaking without being insulting!
Let's not use language that may be offensive to others.
Please reconsider your wording, so as not to further hurtful language.
It's hard not to be sensitive to that kind of language! You would do much better using less inflammatory words!
I'm sure you meant to say that /r/mma has users who are quite sensitive. Maybe you should alter the way you speak to others.
Please refrain from the use of hurtful hate-fueled language.
I hope we all can come to an agreement about better words to use in situations like this! We can all be better.
What someone does sexually in their own time is their business. And using such a derogative term shows how little we've moved forward.
You can disagree with someone without flinging foul and hate-filled language.
This was so civilized until that ONE comment. Can we reign it in, my friends? Seems like you're too smart for this.
Using racial language takes away from the point we are trying to make. There is no reasoning behind your use of such a hateful word.
Please retain a respectful tone and use of language when dealing with such a sensitive subject.
Pedophilia won't ever be normalized and there is no white genocide anywhere in the world today.
I do not, nor do I believe any sane person, support violence of any kind. Your anger proves you to be the violent individual.
The British got that name from eating citrus fruits, like limes, in order to prevent scurvy on long ocean voyages.
Your racism has nothing to do with my original post.
Many Muslims are conservative on both social and economic issues.
Your racism invalidates your opinion on her politics as you will dislike her solely for the color of her skin.
Woah. There's no need to call use the N word. Especially after dropping a fa***t. Keep the discussion going.
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity or race do not promote understanding.
I think you have a right to an opinion however the language used seems unnecessary and might be unintentionally hurtful.
You can definitely say that, it's a free country. But it wold be better said without that "f" word.
I'm not sure that comment was necessary, I think you can make an impactful statement without using hurtful words.
That statement made very little sense. And it is offensive to people with an Intellectual disability.
You should avoid using that word. Maybe say "rhymes with like."
Using words that are sexist or profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
I think you can make an impactful statement that may hold more weight without using hateful language.
It's hard to believe antisemitism still exists in this day and age. You should check yourself, friend.
I don't think using words to demean a persons faith, mental disability or race are careful in conversation.
Say someone has a special need who you do no know and referring to the nationality as such is uncalled for.
The term you have used is offensive towards the disabled community, and has no place here. You need to prevent harm by using better words.
It is not cool to bash someone for their sexuality.
The term you have used is offensive towards the gay community and has no place here. You need to be more careful with your choice of words.
You should change the language here because it doesn't sound very intellectual at all.
The term you have used is racist and derogatory! There is no tolerance for this language here. You need to be more careful with your words.
Its inappropriate to use the word 'nigger, negroids, and mulattos' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race. Avoid such words.
You should change your language referring to other races as it is very unbecoming.
The language you have used is racist and incredibly disrespectful. This is not acceptable. You need to be more careful with your words.
It is uncalled for to call someone this even if you do not like them.
The term you have used is derogatory towards women, and shouldn't be used here. You can prevent any harm by using a different word choice.
Something is wrong with you to speak the way that you do, you can verbalize your thoughts without such nasty speech.
Woah, please do not use that racist term and anti-semitic term on your posts.
People might actually take your comments seriously if you didn't use such disgusting language, grow up.
Refrain from using hateful racist terms when responding to others.
People are having a civil conversation about race and you have to ruin it with your language, there is no need to call names.
Avoid using mental impairments and anti semitic slurs when responding to others.
Your language is disgusting, something is really wrong with you to think that it is ok to speak like this.
That was an aweful comment, you should be ashamed of yourself, If that is how you speak on a regular basis I want nothing to do with you.
Do not use racial slurs or vulgar language regarding the female gender.
Hateful language and distasteful ideologies have always been on the losing side of history. Try instead to be more diverse and understanding
Please stop the unpleasant talk toward others and be kind.
You can make a rational argument without yourself using hateful language. Foster respect to create a more welcome and accepting forum.
Avoid the disgusting language directed at others please.
Your hateful language does nothing to prove your point, only discredit it. Argue using facts instead of slurs if you want to convince.
Please do not use revolting talk when expressing how you feel.
You can only be better than your opponents if you don't use the same hateful language against the mentally disabled as they do.
Please remove the rotten language from your opinions and be understanding of others.
That slur is hateful and unnecessary. Homosexuality is not a crutch nor is it a flaw.
Remove the nasty talk toward others and use more respectful language.
Leaving out the pejorative wording will enhance your comments attractiveness.
According to our legal system, the victim will be believed and an investigation led. The alleged assailant is innocent until proven guilty.
While the claim may be believable, I really think we ought to keep harmful and hateful name calling out of our comments!
Bringing a sexual orientation into a conversation doesn't enhance what is being said.
You have already failed by showing that you do not have a grip on English. It's your, not you're, which means "you are". "Your"= possessive.
I understand some people aren't the easiest to deal with, but we should still guard our minds and refrain from using hateful names!
Being considerate of those with disabilities will help more people to value what you have to say.
it would be nice if you would name these people instead of creating nicknames for them. That way, we could all converse.
This claim may be true, but I feel it is disrespectful to our elders to call them hurtful names!  We should all try to be kinder!
People's sexual preferences aren't being debated, better to focus on the topic at hand.
I can tell that you are unhappy about this. Consider going to another website that specializes in Anime.
I think celebrating success is wonderful, but perhaps we could find cleaner language and nicer words to express ourselves!
Sexuality inspired words prohibit the amount of people that will see and click on your link and join the discussion.
t appears (now that I have read her Twitter) that she is not all there. Have pity, she entertained us for a long time. Poor thing.
While I see the humor in the comments, I still think it would be a better idea to use cleaner and kinder language in our comments!
Just because you don't like someone's skin color is no reason to call them that.
That statement makes me feel uncomfortable and what you are saying to do.
That is very racist and disrespectful. That is intolerable please do not speak like this again.
You should be more respectful toward gay people even if you don't agree with their lifestyle.
I think the government is trying to do their best but face challenges. I wouldn't insult them that way. They have to make hard decisions.
Please do not speak negatively on someone based on their appearance. No one would listen to anything you say if it is just so negative.
No one should be calling other races offensive terms.  Let's stick together guys!
I think your comment is more of an issue than the teacher's. Her actions might be more from ignorance.
This is very racist and disrespectful. People go through so much in their individual lives but yet here you are not caring. Very rude.
You should refer to people in nicer terms and not judge them by their skin color.
If this is an issue you disagree with please do not use such negative words and maybe it will reach more people who might agree with you.
I think you should try using less offensive terms when referring to someone, even if you dislike them they are still a person.
No matter how you feel everyone deserves an investigation and a trial. The language you use tends to raise tensions even more.
This is very rude. Your point would have reached many other people if you didn't use such negative words.
You don't always have to insult people and bring up race. That sort of thinking brings nothing to the conversation
Your comments are highly offensive to entire groups of people and won't be tolerated here.
Its sad that you must take the lowest ride possible to hurt people with insults. We are better than that guys grow up
The easiest way to show you don't like her is not watch anything she is on. And also voting helps but insulting her online does nothing.
The fact is everyone has just as much a chance as anyone.
Using derogatory terms and judging whole peoples by the color of their skin is wrong, we are all human that's what matters.
Uses of "f-g" and the "n word" here are terms of hate; and hate speech is forbidden here. So make your point without them.
We need to stop hating entire groups for things they cannot help, because you in your prejudice is what creates many of these problems.
It doesn't make sense to hate an entire group of people based on a stereotype of their lifestyle.
Antisemitism and homophobic vapidity are hate speech, and hate speech is forbidden here. So make your point without them.
No one is actually owned, I think there is a better way to say this than with racist remarks.
Using your derogatory and crude speech doesn't make you sound like a rational person, nor does your hatred make you better than others.
Vile antisemitic hatred is forbidden here. Please comply or be asked to fly.
There is nothing wrong with being black, using derogatory words makes you seem racist.
Really showing people how much better you are than them by resorting to using that kind of language.
There is equal violence on both sides, both the african american community and the white community.
You can insult her without having to call her that you know. there are so many things you could go with.
Sexual orientation doesn't have anything to do with mental capacity, in fact, it actually creates an openness.
Gender identification and disability is not something to disparage someone over.
It may be stupid and gross but not based on my gender idenit
you really are just reinforcing their views by using that type of language you know.
The language you have used is a form of racism, and this is not tolerated here. This can be harmful to others. You need to be more careful.
This is offensive to certain races with no need to say it
The term you have used here is derogatory and offensive towards the gay community! You can prevent harm by using better word choices.
not necessary to use this word
The term you have used here is derogatory & offensive towards the gay community. You can prevent harm to others by using better word choice.
This word can be offensive to certain people
Use of hateful language regarding sexual orientation is unnecessary and nonsensical.
The language used here is derogatory and exemplifies racism. This is not tolerated! You need to be more careful with your choice of words.
Many words used here of very offensive and can spark hate
The term you have used here exemplifies racism, and this is not tolerated. You need to use a better choice of words to prevent harm.
offensive towards ethnicity
You can make your point without disrespecting the community.
Stop using racist terms when responding to users.
It's hard to focus on the points you are trying to make with all of the racism and profanity.
You can say the same thing with out derogatory names for the mentally ill.
Please do not use a mental impairment when talking about others on this post.
I get your point but I'd back off that term a bit.  It's really offensive.
Avoid using mental impairments when voicing your opinion
Mentally challenged is probably the more proper way to word it these days.  It's less offensive.
Please respect the community by not swearing and name calling.
Please do not hateful racist slurs when responding to issues.
I understand the arguments here about supporting your local community, but your points would be better received without the vulgarities.
drag queens are awesome and will hurt you
Your posts uses speech denigrating sexual orientation, sex and gender in violation of Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
Why do you need to throw personal degrading insults into your post.  You are only trying to get a rise by simply typing trigger words
maybe you both need to leave the country
Your post uses speech denigrating sexual orientation and/or race and/or gender and/or disability in violation of Com. Guidelines and TOS.
This language is ridiculous.  You can say the exact same thing you want to say without hurling derogatory insults.
and you sir sound like a moron
Your post uses speech denigrating race and/or religious affiliation and/or sex orientation in violation of Com Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
Why would you even use language like this.  It contributes nothing to this or any other conversation
liberal yes cunt no
Why would you even say something this terrible.  You are not attempting to discuss anything, just hurling insults.  Please stop
i was un aware that a turbo could mate
Why do you feel the need to use an insult like this? It is derogatory and very offensive.  Please do not use it.
Please avoid the harassing words and communicate with more pleasant  thoughts.
End the attacks on others with your words please.
When you make comments please avoid the vile language and be nicer.
Please stop being so rude when you voice your opinions.
Kindly state your opinions in a way that is less offensive to others.
It would be appreciated if that type of language was not used.
People are people regardless of their skin color, do not use such racial slurs please
Language denigrating race, ethnicity, or religious affiliation is unacceptable. Please refrain from its use.
I think you could likely get your point across without using those derogatory terms.
Please do not use ethnic slurs to define a group of people, they are individuals just like you
I think there is a better way to communicate your frustration to others than using that type of hurtful language.
This racial slur is upsetting and offensive, people are people all lives matter
Denigrating language towards sex or gender is unacceptable. Please refrain from its use.
I think there are far better words to use when describing someone you don't agree with.
That type of language is really not necessary, there are better ways to express your ideas.
Please do not use an ethnic slur to define a person, they are people just like you
A course on cultural acceptance and world history is recommended.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their sexual orientation (fagging), race(kike) and gender (cunt).
Offensive terminology for groups of people, even when used sarcastically- is inappropriate in discussion.
Developmentally disabled people have a right to ask questions and not be misrepresented in the context used here.
In this political conversation- a derogatory term for gay people is unnecessary  in proving a point.
or they will just tell you off for that language, please step aside and calm down please
you may be able to say it but doesnt mean you should or that it is right to do so
Your post uses speech that denigrates ethnicity and/or race and/or gender and/or sexual orientation in violation of our Com. Guidelines/TOS.
err perhaps you could leave that out for next time you post please
simple but offensive to whoever you are referring, please stop that now
Whoa there. Homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thank you
Please do not discriminate against or use terms that are offensive to women.
They have no control over what their body does. And calling them names only adds to the problems we are already suffering from
It was wrong that he put him hands on anyone. But you cant just call someone names because you are made at them
People feel many ways about him but we can't take the low road and just call people names.
Please do not discriminate or use terms that discriminate based on sexual orientation.
It doesn't matter what his sexual orientation is you shouldn't insult someone about it.
Islam is practiced by millions of people worldwide. Many of those people are kind, loving, smart human beings.
There are millions of smart, caring, loving gays in the world. You should try to get to know one personally before attacking them.
Some people do not always agree with your opinion. Please take some time to see there views before attacking them.
There are muslims, jews and gays that have many of the same opions and thoughts as you do. Do not judge them. Rather try to get to know them
You lose creditability when you use racist comments. Try taking a different approach. Many jews and gays are no different than you.
Regardless of race, inciting murder can be a crime.
It is true that they are being idealistic and the campaign won't stop shooters, but they are making a difference by raising awareness.
Why are you so quick to label other users with offensive labels, propagating derogatory stigmas?
How about expanding your vocabulary with actually studying to explain your problems instead of stringing along all negative labels you know?
If you dislike Colin, simply explain why you dislike him rather than needlessly insulting other races and propagating negative words.
come on both of you please improve your language so has not to spread this hatred, thank you
that is uncalled for, dont hate on them please
i would rather not, calm the bad language down please
perhaps not, no need to make silly comments that also offend.
i think maybe you might need to look in the mmirror
Your comment contains hate filled rhetoric and displays a lack of character.
Its inappropriate to use the word 'sandnigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race. Avoid such words.
id like to meet you
Your comment contains language that is highly offensive to multiple people.
everyone has their own disease
Your comment displays a lack of character and is offensive to multiple people.
Your comment is hate filled and displays a lack of character.
Using the words 'cunt or bimbo' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Avoid such words.
maybe you shouldve respected her
Your comment contains language that is offensive and displays a lack of character.
There are better ways to classify people than to attack on things they can not change i.e. race or sex. We can do better
You said so much and then you had to throw in a hateful word you should really try to speak like an adult someone might respect what you say
It's important to respect all people, from all different backgrounds. Much of the language here is disturbing. Kindly rephrase.
Hating on someone for their gender isn't OK. Lets try to treat each other with kindness.
You both need to have your mouth's washed out with soap, there is no need for speech like this, grow up and speak like a respectable person.
Women and minorities face constant oppression. I believe that it is best to use different words in order to not spread hatred.
We should all follow Jesus' do not judge rule. Its not our place. I am sure he wouldnt approve of name calling.
You said so much with so much passion, it would be great if you didn't use the re word when expressing yourself, thanks so much.
All religions are valid. People should be free to practice as they wish. Kindly remember this for future posts.
I am sure you meant nothing by it but can we use a word that doesn't displace a handicapped person.
The "R" word is incredibly offensive and is often misused. Please look up the history of the word. I encourage you to choose another!
Making comments about a race is hate and that is not the message you want to send.
I realize you are explaining something but you should really never say that word to someone, it is considered hate speech and it is gross.
I think you should try to express your feelings with a different word. The one you're using is extremely offensive and downright vulgar.
Metal illness is something you shoulnd make fun of, stop it with the hate and respect others.
Using a derogatory term is putting down the people with actual mental disabilities.
Stop fighting, hate will only produce more hate, you both talk about being antisemite then prove it and end this discussion.
Thats really racist you should respect others no matter their color of skin, please stop with those racial comments.
Suffering from a metal illness is something no one deserves, stop with the hate speech, thats the only way we can move forward.
Theres a lot of hate in your comments, its ok if you have your opinion but please dont express it with insults.
It is better to judge each person by their character, instead of a stereotype of their lifestyle.
Instead of worrying about race, let's talk more about the big divide we have in this country. Stop hating and start loving!
Bringing up a persons mental capacity isn't fair to those with real disabilities, stick to less harmful words.
"Ret--ded" used here offends the mentally disabled and their families.
This was a video of a drunk person getting out of hand. It has nothing to do with color. That cut was pretty deep too.
Making fun of someones race doesn't make this conversation enjoyable to read for others.
Repulsive racism and odious antisemitism combine here in an unpalatable stew of forbidden hate speech. Please avoid such hate here. Thanks!
Virtue signaling is the conspicuous expression of moral values. There's nothing brainy about that.
You can disagree with someone, but it's better to leave race out of it if you want your opinion to appeal to the masses.
Poor Alex Jones! He is the first conspiracy theorist I ever got into years ago. Some of the stuff was a bit unreal, but not all.
Misspelling derogatory words doesn't make them less derogatory, and it makes you harder to understand.
As far as I know you don't have to purchase meme's they're free.
Your statement would be perfectly fine if you dropped the sexual remarks, it will help to create a more rational debate.
Using "tw-t" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. Let's make a date to stamp out hate!
why ruin someones perfectly valid point with you statement, just not need. please delete and open this thread up to those who will add to it
that just doesnt even make any sense, please delete it
perhaps valid views here but please choose your words better next time
come on enough with the hatred there just wasnt any need for you to reply in the first place
perhaps use there name next time rather than the n word
You would think YouTube would win this, but there is always that one case that grabs someone's attention.
Its not good that anyone died. You should want him brought to justice and prosecuted through the judicial system
It doesn't matter what color a criminal is they all rob, steal, murder, etc... But I don't wish death upon anyone.
You need to calm yourself. You just said insult and had no point whatsoever.
Have more respect for people when posting online. If you have a point to get across it wont if you keep negatively posting.
Every person deserves respect and love. Don't insult a race just because you don't agree with them.
People really should respect women more. We all have mothers and grandmothers, remember that when posting.
It is better to judge someone on their character, rather than a stereotype of their race.
The problem is that online people rather insult each other than try to talk out their differences
It is true. The hate that people spread on social media is very repetitive and there's really no point to it.
Using "f-g," "c--t," and reveling in violence directed due to political differences all constitute hate speech. Please avoid it here, thanks
Antisemitic, homophobic, anti-disabled and racist language, as well as suborning violence toward these groups, are banned here.
Homophobic and antisemitic hate speech, all conspicuous in this post, warrant a ban. *Please* comply ... or be asked to fly.
It is better to judge each person on their character, instead of their country of origin.
The term "c--t" as well as gender-based threats, of violence are banned here. Please avoid these, thank you very much!
Using hateful language doesn't contribute to your point here
Woah! Please do not use hateful racial and homophobic slurs against other users.
There is no use exchanging hateful insults on here
Refrain from using anti semitic terms towards others and using mental impairments as insults.
I don't think using words to demean a persons faith or mental disability are careful in conversation.
Stop using hateful racial slurs towards other cultures.
Using hateful language doesn't contribute to the conversation
I think you can make an impactful statement by being more objective, the hate speech is kind of offensive.
Do not allow a certain group of ladies to make you distrust all women. We are not all the same and we are very loving.
You are certainly entitled to an opinion but I think you can make a more impactful rebut by using more objective language.
I think your point would be more impactful if the hateful language was removed.
I admit the timing was terrible, but I wouldn't put it past any party to do this.
I think your response would be much more impactful if you removed the hateful language that might be unintentionally hurtful.
I disagree, Ford lied and probably got paid to lie. I still feel bad for Kavanagh's wife and kids.
I think your opinion would be more impactful if you removed the hateful language.
I don't agree with the video. Also even anxiety is considered mental illness and they should be allowed in politics.
Race has nothing to do with this discussion.
I think everyone is entitled to their likes/dislikes, but I don't think that language is necessary to making your opinion heard.
This word isn't funny, it mocks seriously disabled people.
I think you can make an impactful statement without using that type of language which might be unintentionally hurtful to others.
This is a tragedy regardless of the race of the perpetrator.
That's a really hateful and offensive description.
I think you can make an impactful statement without using that type of language which may be hurtful to others.
Sexuality has nothing to do with a discussion about schools.
I think you can make an impactful statement without using hurtful words.
Racial and sexual preference slurs should not be used as insults
I think that type of language is hurtful and unnecessary, please be mindful when posting offensive words.
Sexual preference slurs are not tolerated as arguments
That type of language is not necessary when describing someone, please try to be respectful towards others.
Racial slurs are inappropriate
I think this response was hurtful and unnecessary, please be mindful of others when making these posts.
It is better to judge someone based on their character, instead of a stereotype of their lifestyle.
Sexual preference slurs are an inappropriate form of debating
I don't think this violent language is necessary. Please use different language when trying to make a point.
Just because you disagree with someone, doesn't mean they're less intelligent than you.
Please refrain from using the "R" word, it is hurtful, unnecessary and taken out of context in this particular conversation.
Please attempt a civil conversation without the use of hate speech.
How shameful you are and make us all feel. I know it is possible for you to converse with better language. Please do.
Please refrain from using hate speech while conversing on Gab
He has posted the definition in the law for pedophilia. This applies to any visual aid to sexual wants by adults. Clean your hard drives.
Please refrain from using words that are considered hate speech.
it doesn't matter where you live, the need to vote is essential to the governing of our country.
Hate speech is uncalled for, please attempt to refrain from using it.
how ridiculous you both sound, stating so soundly your fear of women. A little therapy could do you both good.
Please attempt to refrain from using hate speech.
I'm confused, since your post did not mention the place that you're posting about.
I would like to know why you would call someone such an offensive term unprovoked.
That language is hateful and extremely unnecessary. Even if you are angry you don't have to use hate speech to make matters worse.
Racism, and the "n word," are constitutive of hate speech and so not permitted here.
I'm unsure why you would call someone that and attack them without provocation.
Please consider someone's feelings before you talk like that. I'm sure you would not be happy if someone talked to you like that.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse. Thanks for your understanding!
While it is your prerogative to eat what you want, it's offensive to call them retarded.
It is okay to have a different opinion than someone, but it is never okay to use derogatory terms like that. Please think before you speak.
I would like to see your sources for this information.
Muslims are people too. Our ancestors were all immigrants at some point, please try to put yourself in their shoes.
While you may not like him, it's also racist to say what you did about him.
You are only wasting your own time when you decide to spread hate towards other people, so it would be nice to stop.
Misogynistic and antisemitic hate speech are forbidden here. Remember: don’t let hate through the gate!
There are better ways to get your point across
she sounds smarter than you do
I am a white woman and you can have absolutely none of what I have...But are welcome to your own. Murica!
You shouldnt use such homophobic language
or we can just send you instead
I'm not sure who you're referring to.
Your point is much more effective without cursing.
im more worried about think the ones that they havent found
While I don't disagree with your statement it is rather disrespectful to all Trump supporters to use such tacky and tasteless language.
Twat is not a very mature word
I would need to see an article from reputable news outlet and not a YouTube video some kid in his mom's basement could have made.
You are using entirely inappropriate and unnecessary language which make its users look ignorant themselves.
Your tone doesn't invite discussion as well as it could, stick to your points without using decisive language.
I think there could be various improvements done for the justice system to make it more effective. What do you think could be improved?
This is sexist, unnecessary language.
Using slang words makes it hard for people not as informed as yourself to know who you are referring to.
Who do you think should be in SCOTUS in her place?
You are using language that has been unacceptable  for decades and hateful for centuries
Your comments don't further the conversation, it's better to ask a question or give reasons to your statements.
Please take several deep breathes, in through the nose and out through the mouth to calm the mind.
Please try to express yourself without using extremely sexist language
If you leave out the adjectives your post becomes much easier to understand and allow it to be read by more people.
I totally understand and hear you. You make a good point, but it would be great to keep it cool for all of us here.
Certain words can be conceived as race baiting, leave out the extra descriptor and you'll get better replies.
Thanks for posting that. Let's all take some time to be grateful for what we have.
We don't tolerate racist speech on these forums. Future use of such language will result in a ban.
I understand it's frustrating when we work so hard. But post your hardships without negativity and you'll get a better response.
Please do not use derogatory religious slurs or anti-Semitic rhetoric.
I agree at times things are repeated and it gets old. But don't respond to the ladies like this, they deserve more respect.
We don't tolerate racist speech or slurs on these forums. Future use of such language will result in a ban.
No neither words are acceptable. They're both rude and hurtful.
Please do not use derogatory homophobic or religious slurs.
We don't tolerate slurs on these forums. We will ban you if you use language like this again.
No, the way to fix Chicago is to get the citizens and police to get along. Stop the hate and the violence!
I don't know what kind of phase she's talking about, but all races of men are handsome and attractive in their own way.
Please do not use derogatory racial slurs or supremacy rhetoric.
The language in this thread is incredibly disturbing and threatening to many social groups. I ask you to use alternative phrases.
This is a progressive time period, and racism is not allowed nor tolerated. You need to be more careful with your choice of words.
While I respect your opinion, I believe that some of your words are offensive. I encourage you to express your ideas in a different manner.
The term you have used here is offensive to the disabled community, and is not necessary. You need to use a better choice of words.
While I respect your opinion, your language is dangerous and threatens many oppressed groups in society. I kindly ask you to rephrase.
The term you have used here is offensive towards the gay community, and is not tolerated here. You need to be more careful with your words.
Using race as a way to insult something is only showing of your lack of creativity
The word that you've chosen to use is incredibly offensive. I encourage you to look up its meaning to understand why it shouldn't be used.
The term you have used here is racist, and it is not tolerated here! You need to prevent any harm by using a better choice of words.
Many of these statements are inaccurate. This is a reminder that ALL groups in society are valuable. I advise against generalizations.
The terms used here are racist, and not tolerated here! You need to prevent harm by using a better choice of words that are less hateful.
You might want to fix that typo.
Using words like that isn't funny or clever, it just makes you look stupid.
I think you can make an impactful statement or rebuttal without having to use hateful language.
Your fellow Trump supporters don't appreciate you being the stereotype the mainstream media tries to paint us all out to be.
Your sentence is nothing but a slog of nonsensical slurs...seriously, be more creative.
I think you can make an impactful statement or rebuttal without having to use hateful language that might be unintentionally hurtful.
I really had no clue this was even a thing. I would love to have the free time some people do to even locate such oddities!
Gah! If the first sentence was edited to be less vulgar, I would utilize this in my own daily life :D
I imagine you must have low moral standards to post something this hateful.
It is absolutely ridiculous to make such a statement. I'd love to think she was quoted out of context but given what we've already heard....
Regardless of if you disagree with her, please don't be sexist in your rebuttal.
I think you can have a civil and impactful conversation without having to use hateful language that might be unintentionally hurtful.
Using "Ret--d" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. Thanks!
You could have said all of that without the language you used and I would have actually respected what you said.
You are a very ignorant person, I'm so sorry it must hurt for you to think.
The use of "faggot" here as a pejorative is patently offensive and should be eliminated. Let's make a date to stamp out hate!
That nasty language is uncalled for, no one is going to take you seriously in life speaking in such a way.
It isn't necisary to attack her as a female, if you don't like her, explain why, but being female should be something to attack a person for
"Fa--ot” is an offensive term and must be avoided. Thank you for your help in keeping hate away.
I think I just walked into a grade school, no one can be this immature and not be in school still.
look in the mirror when you get home
The language you have used here is offensive to multiple communities of people. You need to refrain from using this harmful language.
i can contact someone if you might need help
The term you have used here is offensive towards the Muslim community, and can be hurtful! You need to be more careful with your words.
weman are more seperior than we are as men so i dis agree
The term you have used here is vulgar, and can be offensive towards women. You need to be more careful with your choice of words.
all of you need help or jesus
Please do not imply that one particular ethnicity or religion is more prone to ritual murder than another.
Really, there is no need to talk about a woman like this just because she is not like you.
I think you can make an impactful statement without using that hateful language.
Do not use a mental impairment to insult others views.
There is no need to label someone you do not know anything about or to call them nasty names.
Do not use hateful homophobic slurs and mental disabilities as an insult.
Not necessary to use bigotry when talking about a different race.
I think you can make an impactful statement without using hateful language like that.
Wow, do not use that type of hateful racist term when posting.
No need to use such language to label people you do not like.
I'm not sure I agree with your statement, but I would be willing to read if less hateful language was used.
You do not need to post racist terms when responding to others.
I think you can make an impactful statement if you choose to use more objective language.
Please do not use a mental disability as an insult to others.
Please state your thoughts in a way that is less offensive to others.
The "n word" and "c--t" offend many and so do not belong in intelligent commentary. Remember our fate ... is avoiding all hate!
There is no use spewing such hate on here, if you don't like it then don't read it or engage with it
Please be more responsive to others feelings in your comments.
The term "fa--ot" is offensive to many people and so should not be used in an illiterate political commentary.
Take out the hurtful remarks and use gentler words.
The term "faggot" is offensive to many people and so should not be used in a political commentary. Thanks!
Discard the abusive language and use more affable words.
Please expel all the negative thoughts and use words that don't damage others' reputations.
"K-ke" and the "n word," because they are hate speech, are forbidden here, sorry!
The term used here is derogatory and offensive towards the gay community. This can be seriously harmful. You need to be more careful!
The term you have used here is vulgar and can be offensive towards women. You need to be more careful with your choice of words.
The term you have used here is derogatory and racist! This is not tolerated here. You need to use less harmful language.
The term you have used here is derogatory and exemplifies racism. This language can be very harmful. You need to use better word choices!
The term you have used here is offensive towards the disabled community, and shouldn't be used lightly. You need to be more careful.
Apparently you do not understand what the word you are using means. It would be great if you would explain why you feel that way.
Remove the abusive language from your opinions please.
It is easier to make your point if you use thoughtful words instead of hateful ones.
It appears that this person is trying to recruit people with high IQs. I have met lots of smart people from different races and religions.
Cut the negative remarks toward others and use gentler words please.
Using hateful language distracts from your point.
There must be a point to these conversations, and I'd like to know what it is.
When you tell how you feel, please avoid the hateful words.
Using so many hateful words has completely missed your point.
I can now see that these kids are posting just to be muted. it must have some cultural relevance.
Cut the hurtful attacks towards others please and use nice words.
Using hateful language will get you muted.
No need to get all upset about Twitter because soon it will be hatred free. They are doing a good job about banning people now.
Using the term "tw-t" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. Remember our law ... is hate nevermore!
That is just terrible. Someone out just trying to make money and gets killed like that.
It doesn't make sense to make fun of people that you've never even met.
That kids needs to do some real jail time to learn that is no way to joke around. He could of killed the teacher by accident.
Please be advised that the "n word" offends many and so does not belong on this site. Thank you for your help in keeping hate away.
I am no fan of purple hair or nose rings, but that's no reason to call someone such a name.
"Ret--ded" used here offends the mentally disabled and their families, so please avoid this term. Thanks!
I wouldn't say it so disrespectfully, but I don't care for those hats either.
Using a derogatory term to describe something you dislike is mocking the people with actual mental disabilities.
It isn't right to suggest someone sexual endeavors when you do not know them.
Do not use anti semitic terms and mental impairments as insults.
You really have no right to talk about a nationality this way.
Stop using racist terms when responding to others posts.
No need for calling someone this when you don't know them.
Do not use homophobic slurs when responding to others.
It is better to judge someone on their character, instead or a religious or lifestyle stereotype.
Really would be a better conversation without determining someone you do not knows sexuality.
Avoid using hateful homophobic slurs when responding to users.
Really should just say someone is in the church as the innuendo is not called for.
There is no reason to use that hateful racist term on this feed.
We should all strive to deliver constructive criticism with respect and kindness and refrain from name calling which offends everyone.
You should refrain from using hate speech, as we are watching.
People are people stop the r-word as an insult
Hate and anger have never brought about a positive outcome, change and healing can begin with and in you.
Please refrain from using hate speech, especially in the same comment twice in a row.
Sexual preference is not something to be attacked, this is a step back for humanity
Hate does not help these little girls, fund a charity instead.
Attacking a person or group of people because of thier ethnic background is racist, please refrain
Spread love not hate.
Please attempt to refrain from racist jokes.
All of you have antiquarian ideas about religion and race. Complaining about it gets you nowhere.
Please do not subject others to racist slurs.
There is no need to call him a negative label or offensive words. Replying back is a waste of time and emotions.
"DSHS told the dependency court ...'no red flags' regarding the alleged father" and said the kid should go with him, an abuser.
While I agree with your sentiment, it is also wise to choose your words carefully and not propagate words that derides an entire gender.
The move by Cher to Canada was covered by an obscure website and highly speculative.
Do not use mental impairments and sexually vulgar terms towards females on posts.
Why do you choose to ridicule people who were unfortunately born with diminished mental faculties just to insult a person you dislike?
By definition a person who derives pleasure by the abuse of children is a pedophile, anime or not. You might cross to the real world.
Do not use homophobic slurs towards other users.
What do you know about the other user as a person that makes you label him so negatively? Do you believe everything the media says is true?
Trolling and name-calling is expressly forbidden and will result in the poster being banned, you'll see.
Avoid using hateful homophobic slurs when responding to others.
Instead of showing your lack of education and vocab by only using negative labels just because they are insulting, you should explain why.
Please oust the malicious words toward others and be nicer.
Please do not use that word when speaking about a person. People will not listen to or respect you when you disrespect another human being.
Remove the harmful attacks on others and use more amicable language.
This is very disrespectful and racist. The society we live in is so diverse and forward thinking. Please do not take a step backwards.
Pull out the negative talk and please use words that are more caring to others' feelings.
This is very disrespectful and racist. Please do not take a step backwards in society and verbally disrespect people in this manner.
Your point becomes lost when you use language like 'cunt'.
Your post contains offensive language, continued use of which could lead to the termination of your profile.
Your point was well taken until you decided to use the word 'retard' in a negative light.
The following post contains offensive/hate speech which is prohibited on this site.
Using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Avoid such words.
Interesting article hat didn't mention anything about a twat. Interesting choice of words
Your comment has been flagged for containing offensive language.Your account face restrictions/termination as a result.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their sexual orientation (faggot) and gender (bitch slut).
Calling someone a 'cunt' is shallow and not necessary. Please refrain.
Your use of discriminatory language is not acceptable on this platform and may result in account termination if it persists.
or maybe not, I would suggest you broaden you mind before posting, and if you have to post improve the language please
words like moron and retarded are ableist. avoid such words
cool it you lot or this hatred will never stop
just too much bad language it, please delete and move on and use less offensive language next time please
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (retarded) and race(nigger). Refrain from such words.
This is racist and disrespectful. Please do not move backwards since we are moving forwards as a society.
just no, no need for these references please
There is a more mature and non racist way of asking this question. Please do not move backwards away from the direction society is.
you could see the pressure rising here, perhaps we should all calm down a little. thanks
This is racist and unnecessary. Please do not move backwards away from the direction society is moving.
Hateful language regarding disability status and gender is unwarranted and nonsensical.
Marriage is beautiful but stressful. I was divorced and remarried. This time I choose to stick it out and it's much harder than divorce.
Hateful language regarding race is unjust and nonsensical.
That is a hateful and inaccurate representation of LA. Perhaps go inside a church and hear the Word before you knock it.
This world is so hateful. I don't know what he could of done or said so bad that you would say that.
Hateful language regarding women is unwarranted and not funny.
That is disrespectful to say of a woman. She is beautiful but I don't remember her in any movies as an actress.
Totally unnecessary to insult people with a disability to express opinion.
I am sorry but for a cop to beat up an elderly person there is just something wrong. I mean they cannot even defend themselves.
Could you please not use that term; it is a derogatory term for the Islamic faith
The term you have used here is derogatory and hurtful towards the Muslim community! You need to be more careful with your word choices.
This term has not been acceptable for decades ('retarded'). I appreciate that you might not have realised this but now you do.
The term you have used here is offensive towards the disabled community and should not be used lightly. You need to be more careful.
You are using language that is offensive to both those with learning difficulties and the Jewish community.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability and religious affiliation in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS.
The language used here is derogatory and offensive towards the disabled community. You need to use a better choice of words!
The language you are using has not been acceptable for decades
The term you have used here is offensive towards the disabled community, and can be harmful to others. You need to be more careful.
You are using language that is highly offensive to women
The term you have used here is vulgar and can be offensive towards women. You need to use a better word choice to prevent any harm.
Your post uses speech denigrating sex. orientation and/or ethnicity and/or gender and/or religious affiliation violation of TOS.
Your points are so right on. Was cunt really necessary to get your point across?
Misogynistic and antisemitic hatred, constitutive of hate speech; are not permitted here. Remember our law ... is hate nevermore!
Your post uses speech denigrating sex and gender and sexual orientation in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
So, I'm curious, most people know at least one person who is gay, do you hate them too?
This spewing of misogyny and homophobic hate speech is both tiresome and subject to excision. So ... let’s squelch hate—together!
The pejorative use of "c--t" here is hateful and detracts from intelligent discourse. It should be avoided. Thanks!
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation and disability violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service.
What in the world is faggot typing? No, everyone isn't dyslexic or retarded, only people who have had the misfortune to be born that way.
Both "ret--ded" and "fa--ot," because they are constitutive of hate speech, are forbidden here. Thanks for *your* help ... in avoiding hate!
Your post uses speech denigrating sexual orientation in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
How did we get from god and patriotism to insulting gays?
Homophobic slurs, because they are examples of hate speech, are banned from this forum.
Woah! Please do not use racist slurs when voicing your opinions.
Black folks are people just like you and I, they are not out to destroy the country. Racism is what is destroying it currently.
Lets try to not be using pejorative descriptors while having a conversation please.
Please avoid using hateful sexual terms when talking about the female gender.
You've spelled Hillary wrong. Why do you insist on continuing to say that she is guilty of something when she was found not guilty?
I get you are not a fan but if we could not use insulting language I would be happier to talk with you.
Do not use a persons mental impairment as an insult to others.
That doesn't seem right to say about someone you know nothing about. How does his or her's gender affect you, anyway?
While I appreciate your correct wording on some things to then insult another group does seem to negate any good.
Please don't use racial slurs. All races of people are wildly different and unique.
Lets we please refrain from the derogatory names that detract from the article and its point.
Please avoid using homophobic slurs and racist terms when writing on these posts.
There is nothing I could say to these people to change their mind. You and I both know this.
Lets all try to make intelligent comments without the negative comments that sound like no one should read them.
While I respect your opinion on this topic, keep in mind that some people are struggling with their identities and your words do not help.
You are lucky you were born with all your mental capabilities, others are not and they suffer a lot, so stop mocking metal dissabilies.
This is a friendly reminder that ALL groups in society are valuable and contribute great things to our world. Please respect that.
The term ilegal aliens is really disrespectful, those families have gone through a lot, try to put yourself in their shoes.
I encourage you to look up the history of that word. It is incredibly vile and offensive, and should not be tolerated.
Stop with the racial remaks, if someone has a different tone of skin you should repect them as everyone has the same rights.
While everyone's opinion is valid, the language that you've used is not okay. Kindly find a different phrase to express your feelings.
Using vulgar language and racial slurs makes it hard for others to consider your point of view.
Minority communities face daily oppression. I ask you to contribute kindness and love by refraining from using such hateful phrases.
Racism only makes things worse you should really stop with all the racial comments, you are disrespecting everyone.
This word is offensive to African Americans, please refrain from using it.
Many women find this word offensive, please do not use it.
People of Muslim faith may take offense to this, please do not use it.
Your comment contains offensive rhetoric and language and won't be tolerated here.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (retarded idiot) and gender (cunt). Avoid such words.
This is an offensive term to women, please do not use.
Your comments contain highly offensive rhetoric and display a lack of character.
Avoid words that directly attack one based on their mental health (retarded) and race (Tan and brown illegal aliens, spic).
This word is offensive to Mexicans, please do not use it.
Your comment is offensive to people with developmental disabilities and their families.
There are many more appropriate terms that should be used to replace the racial slurs.
Shooting innocent people who aren't even armed is murder, we are better than that.
People are allowed to love whom they want, it's not up to us to decide otherwise.
Removing the name calling will help others to consider your point of view more.
While Trump has a lot of issues with whom he surrounds himself with, we have to give him time to make an attempt to better our country.
Your comment contains language that is unwelcome on this site and displays a lack of character.
The tweet speaks for itself, no need to add homophobic slurs to it.
plz don't curse
The language that you've chosen to use is offensive and displays a lack of character.
Using that word as slang is very offensive with this medical condition.
That is a term that really offends disabled people.
keep your words for yourself and it's better for you to behave
Your comment contains language that displays a lack of character and is unwelcome here.
There is no need for racial slurs, you could have made your point without them.
you sound so racist that's not nice !
Anti-Islamic venom and disabled-bashing constitutes hate speech and therefore should not be used here. Please avoid--thanks!
That is terrible to say. By using that word in that manner you are just hurting people.
That is no way to talk about anyone. Why don't you try to talk to him and see where he is coming from instead.
Both sides need to try to talk more and not attack one another.
You should try to take the high road and be polite. Next time see how that works for you instead of the insult.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. Let's make a date to stamp out hate!
Demographics is a pressing problem, as is equality. We were all created equal. Once this is realized maybe we can all be kind to each other.
you should have been aborted
Using slurs may not be the best way to resolve this.  How could we help?
Vulgarities does not seem to be enticing people to join the conversation. Maybe we could try something a little more constructive.
thats an interesting username
Please refrain from that type of language.
I have found that beating people and character assassination to not be very helpful. If he did  pay perhaps there was a very good reason.
bet you wouldnt say that if your kid was gay
Let us try to use more constructive language while we address this issue.  Clearly you are passionate about it.
Vulgarities don't really add any strength to an argument. They instead make one look uneducated. Maybe we could try more descriptive words.
I think it would benefit all of us if we refrain from name calling.  Clearly you are upset and we should work to resolve the issue.
Its just a thought, but maybe we could try descriptive words that show what we mean, instead of belittling those who are handicapped.
retards are actually smart
While everyone is entitled to their opinion, using more constructive language will help move the conversation forward.
what you said makes know sense explain
The term you have used here is offensive towards the gay community, and has no place here. You need to use less offensive word choices.
where i dont see you
The term you have used here is offensive to the gay community, and can harm others. You can prevent this by using better word choices.
it couldve been your dumbass
Hey There, homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thanks
The term you have used is offensive to the gay community, and can harm others. You need to prevent this by using better word choices.
have you ever tried one you might like it
The term you have used is offensive towards the gay community, and can be harmful. You can prevent harm by using a better word choice.
The term you have used is derogatory towards women, and should not be used here. You can prevent harming others by using better word choice.
Slurs and racist language are not tolerated on this forum. Future use of such language will result in a ban.
This language is absolutely unacceptable. Not sure why you feel this is appropriate.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their race (paki) and sexual orientation(faggot). Refrain from such words.
Slurs are not tolerated on this form. Future use of such language will result in a ban.
You need to watch your language. This is not appropriate.
This language is disgusting and inappropriate. You need to stop.
Its inappropriate to use the word 'wetback' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race.
Derogatory language and slurs are never tolerated on this forum. Future use of such language will result in a ban.
Look, it's 2019. This kind of language is not appropriate. You need to stop.
This language is horrible.  You should not use the derogatory terms that you are using.  Show some class
The language you have used is offensive towards the gay community, and is racist! You need to prevent harm by using better word choices.
Having a serious debate in much more useful than focusing on a persons characteristics.
You should not use derogatory terms towards people, what does it actually contribute to the conversation?
The term you have used does not belong here, and is offensive towards the gay community. You need to use a better choice of words.
Dropping the insensitive wording will make your sentence much easier for others to enjoy.
The terms used here are offensive towards the Jewish community, and a form of slander towards women. You need to use better word choice.
Just because something isn't considered hate speech doesn't mean there aren't certain words which should be shared in these settings.
Hey now, that was unclled for.  Derogatory remarks are not welcome here
The term you have used exemplifies racism, and that is not tolerated here! You need to be more careful with your choice of words.
You're sending mixed messages by referring to yourself in slang, even if you yourself are allowed to use it.
Hey now, why do you have to be so hateful with your remarks towards someone.  That is uncalled for and unwelcome here.
The terms used here are derogatory towards women, and also a racist remark. Please use a better word choice to prevent any harm!
Get to the point of what you are saying instead of mixing in words most people would rather skip over.
Racist slurs and references to domestic abuse is not comedic subject matter to be used in commentary.
There are alot of women that read articles like this. Lets be aware of that. You never know what someone has to go through at home.
Threats of violence and name calling are not appropriate responses to videos or video commentary.
There are ways to successfully communicate online. My advise would to be to avoid name calling and only comment facts.
Hateful terms for a person or groups of people is often considered morally degenerate.
People with intellectual/developmental disabilities have equal rights with individuals who do not have disabilities, in all aspects of life.
Making remarks about someone with a handicap is never the way to go. I can think of many other words to use.
In today's society we should strive to educate ourselves about sexual identity, be accepting of differences and celebrate self expression.
We should never judge someone for dealing with a struggle that God has not asked you to deal with. Be kind. It goes a long way.
Hey there, homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments Thank you
If you don't like his reporting don't watch it. The best way to show your unhappy with a product is to not view it.
The terms you have used here are offensive to multiple communities of people, and are unacceptable. You need to be more careful.
He is our president and whether you voted for him or not we need to respect and back or leader.
The term you have used here is offensive to the disabled community, and is not necessary to use. Please refrain from using this word choice.
Their is no need to call anyone a name like it. You need to calm down and think about what you are going to say before you post it
The term you have used is offensive to the gay community, and is not necessary to use! Please be more careful with your word choices.
They have every right to come to America like everyone else. You insulting their race is only causing more problems
The term you have used here is offensive towards the disabled community, and can be harmful. You need to be more careful with word choices.
I'm not sure if you were trying to make a joke or just insult people. Either way you need to think about how your words are causing harm
The term you have used can be offensive towards the gay community, and should not be used here. You need to be more careful with your words.
I'm not sure what tribe you're referring to however, people on food stamps generally do not have the means to relocate.
well if they are fighting then everyone will be a wetback
I thought that terminology was only used in old black and white cowboy country western films lol!
it almost seems like you might be a little in the closet yourself
Every day I learn something new on the internet. I never knew there were Homosexual Nazi's in 2019.
i think having to races in your genes is an honor
Judging people by the content of their character and not the color of their skin is really neat. You should try it some time.
You can't talk to people like that if you want to have a discussion.
The language used here is offensive to multiple groups of people, and can be harmful. You need to be more careful with your word choices.
The term you have used here exemplifies racism, and this is not tolerated here. You need to be more cautious of your word choices.
They came here just like your family did to make a better life for themselves. And they have no control over being Jewish or not.
The language being used here is hateful towards multiple communities of people, including religious groups. You need to use kinder words!
Hey it doesn't matter if you dislike her but you don't have to call her names man
The term you have used here is vulgar and can be offensive to women as a whole! You need to be more cautious of your word choices.
Saying stuff like this online only hurts us. We should try to discuss things without resorting to using insults.
The language used here exemplifies racism, and this is not tolerated. You need to be more cautious of your word choices, to prevent harm.
Your post contains offensive language which is in violation of our Terms Of Service. Further infractions may lead to account termination.
Your post was found to contain offensive language. Please refrain from the use of such language in future posts.
Your use of discriminatory language is not permitted and may result in account termination if it persists.
Your account will face restrictions/termination if you include further offensive language in future posts..
Your post contains offensive language which is in violation of our standards of conduct.
Why do you feel the need to use derogatory labels instead of simply explaining what you dislike?
The term you have used is offensive to the disabled community, and should not be used in any context. Please use a better word choice.
It is fine to have your own ideas, but there is no need to disseminate a us vs them mentality.
The terms you have used are offensive to the disabled community, and are a form of racism. You need to use a better choice of words!
I respect your views, but lets refrain from the racial slurs please.
Then just post on twitter instead of here. Also, why are you so obsessed with using offensive labels?
The terms you have used are offensive both to the gay community and to the disabled. You need to prevent harm by using a better word choice.
There is no need to use offensive labels that insult an entire gender due to one bad apple.
The term you have used is derogatory towards women, and should not be used here. You need to prevent harm by using a better word choice.
Have you people truly had a proper conversation with eachother? All I see are people harboring superficial hate without true understanding.
The term you have used is racist, and does not belong in any context. You need to prevent further harm by changing the way you speak.
I think that we can share our political views here without throwing around racial and anti religious slurs.
The 10% was stated like it was a large portion, when in fact it is not. Systemic racism exists, so yes race plays a part
The problem here is that there are people out there who will put down anyone who is not just like them. It's sad.
By not accepting others beliefs, you are also denying their existence and therefore pushing your own beliefs.
It doesn't help to refuse anyone their gender choice. It just causes more problems than we really need. Just agree and move on.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race and disability in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Race and sexuality are not relevant when calling out an inaccurate news source
The funny thing is that whites feel pretty comfortable in South Africa, so long as they don't speak like you do.
Thats a pretty ignorant statement, so its not surprising that you aren't aware of how diseases are actually spread
Not all African American men want to kill you, just like not all White males want to kill you. However, both happen.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and ethnicity/national origin in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS.
I'm not sure how you gathered all of that just from an intro to an open letter.
It is possible that there was nothing that either of you want to say.
I think you can still make an impactful statement by removing the hateful language from your rhetoric.
To be honest this isn't true. 6X9 never sexually touched that girl that's why he only got probation. He didn't know her age either.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing productive to the conversation
They don't like that in Hong Kong, but too threaten assault is wrong. I am sure she was fired.
I think you can make a much more impactful statement by removing the hateful language from your rhetoric.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive or valuable to the discussion.
The news on television has become an irritant. We can get that news plus the truth online faster.
I think you can make a much more impactful statement by removing the hateful language and replacing it with objective rhetoric.
Trump debates are always the best to watch!
Please refrain from using hateful homophobic language in your posts.  It is unproductive and adds nothing valuable to the discussion.
Do not use that racist slur when posting on this feed.
I heard the other day that ISIS is still around and that it never was defeated.
It would be weird that an attack would happen on the party they like, but you're right they don't look alike.
All this gender stuff is out of hand. We all have a preference I get it, but don't push them all on me.
There is no reason to use this type of racist language.
In some countries it's illegal to call someone by that name. Have more respect for another human.
Do not use a mental impairment as a means of insulting others.
It would of been nice to get an apology, but people today seem to lack respect.
That phrase is offensive to those of Asian descent, Please do not use such vile and homophobic slurs
Its inappropriate to use 'faggot or soy-boy' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexuality.
Don't use such a vile and offensive word to describe people, Stop using homophobic slurs
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their sexual orientation (faggot) and gender (cunt). Avoid such words.
Do not use racist slurs please
Do not use racist slurs and incorrect stereotyping please
Words that are sexist in nature do not contribute to meaningful conversation.
Please don't use gendered slurs to refer to women
people need someone to follow its just how we are wired
we cant even do that for you soooo
i think maybe you both need mental help
theres your snitch guys
"Fa--ot" as used here is an offensive term and should be avoided
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature or demeans someone's race contribute to a productive conversation.
Misogynistic and race-based hate speech, and the "n word," do constitute hate speech and therefore should not be used here. Please avoid.
"Tw-t" is demeaning; it should be completely avoided here. Don’t be late when *you* eliminate hate. Thanks!
"C--t" is an offensive term and must be avoided in legitimate political discourse. Thanks for your help in avoiding hate speech!
Stop using hateful homophobic slurs when posting on this feed.
Do not use a persons mental impairment as a way to insult others.
It's better to defend yourself against an individual without using words that could be hurtful to an entire group.
Don't focus on a users sexual preferences, instead explain why you think they are wrong.
Stop using homophobic slurs when responding to others.
The pejorative words make your comment difficult to understand, try reformatting using better clarity.
Avoid using anti-Semitic terms and using racist slurs in response.
Race and religion is not something to insult someone over.
It's wise to be sensitive to groups of people who shouldn't be blamed for the actions of individuals within that group.
Woah, please do not use hateful racial slurs when posting on feeds.
Focus on the question at hand and try not to bring other groups into it by using unnecessary words.
Please do not use a persons mental impairment as an insult and do not use racist slurs on posts.
Race, religion and disability are not acceptable reasons to demean someone.
There is already a separation of church and state but it surely is getting fuzzy.
we need to get rid of you
Please discuss your views without being degrading to other people.
Essential was once defined by someone called Maslow.
that makes absolutely no sense
Please find other words to use to discuss your concerns about the issues.
One love, one race. Humans. Multihued for certain. It all bleeds red.
you might need some help
Please edit the offensive language aimed at others and use kinder words.
Kanye is a train wreck. I don't know he's even trying to be involved in politics. Stay in the entertainment industry please.
That is not funny and you should be ashamed to joke like that with children. It only teaches them it's ok to make hurtful jokes.
Have more respect for a woman and one in power. I wonder if she'll have the State of the Union on February 5th.
I love this website. It has many topics and great articles. Especially the one about coconut oil curing diseases.
Rape is not a topic to ever joke about. Furthermore rape and getting bud are too different topics.
Please take the time to edit your words so they are not hateful to others.
Please take a look at your conversation and edit the words that are demeaning to others.
Remove the attacking words that are aimed at innocent people please.
It is better to judge someone on their character, instead of their race or beliefs.
Please be more civil with the language you use toward others.
When you tell what you think, please don't use despicable language toward others.
It doesn't make sense to hate an entire race based on a stereotype.
This inclusive cast will bring a light to the injustices in the movie industry to people of color.
I think the purpose of the film being anti-white are enough to wonder why Spielberg would even take such on.
Let's try to be adults here and use professional language.
That really wouldn't solve anything, I would prefer to see the officials get involved, and make an example out of him.
A man with lady bits down below is still a man. Once born with a prostate, always one with a prostate. But kicking anyone, anywhere? Nah.
Al Sharpton does have issues that needs to be addressed, until that happens, no one can take him seriously on this issue.
It's really not about skin color. Al Sharpton is as racist as they come but two wrongs don't make a right here. BTW, I'm lazy myself. :)
While I understand the term you are using isn't meant to be used as racist, it still is an offensive word and shouldn't be thrown around.
Celebrities are entitled to vote and express their views, just like we are. Ultimately, we are all in this together.
That headline is atrocious. We as a nation really need to work on what constitutes legitimate journalism. *sigh* Fake News.
If you are trying to get a point across, using memes such as this, is only further dividing us. Let's keep it civil.
Monkeys are terrible creatures. Steve Harvey has a hysterical skit about an encounter with one on a nature preserve.
I believe we can talk about politics like adults without throwing racial slurs around.
Using derogatory words to describe someone's race or national origin are not productive in conversion and does not show care.
Posts to this forum must not include racist slurs and hate speech, thank you
we don't need to use negative descriptions to be hurting each other.
lets please not be using negative words. It doesn't make a stronger argument.
Please try to refrain from the negative descriptors of people it weakens your ideas.
You don't need to add the derogatory words when talking about people.
Just because you disagree with someone, doesn't mean they deserve to be mocked.
bit too personal me thinks, please consider editing out such hatred, thanks
It doesn't make sense to hate an entire group of people just because of the country they're from.
no need to call them vermin, they are just unfortunate enough to have been born on a different part of the huge rock we live on
all of you are boarderline with your language so perhaps you should all calm down a little before it boils over
It doesn't make sense to hate an entire race or group of people based on a stereotype of their lifestyle.
the f and n word could be left out next time enough hatred already on here thanks
I don't think that using words which are derogatory to one's gender identity or race belong in meaningful conversation.
no need to say that, they bring a lot to this nation and no need for the n word
Antisemitic hare speech and the disabled-bashing "r word" combine to mark this post as hate speech. Words have power, be careful!
Blatant homophobic hatred mark this post are virulent and subject to excision.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others based on their values.
Homophobic hate speech is SO not permitted here. Let’s make it today that we drive hate away!
Wow, this is not the place to use that type of hateful term towards the mentally impaired.
Use of hateful language regarding people with a disability is unjust and nonsensical.
i don't have time to listen to your ridiculous lies
Do not use racist terms and homophobic slurs when you post on GAB.
you've taken a lot of time out of your day to comment this garbage
Please do not use that hateful racial slur when responding to other posts.
Avoid using sexually vulgar terms when speaking of the female gender.
my life is too short to listen to this trash
Please do not use racist terms to describe someone.
This unacceptable because it indicates offensive connotations to the degradation of one particular race.
State how you feel with kinder words and less offensive language.
Please do not use racist speech and insensitive terms to describe someone, or a group of people.
We need to divert your problems towards a race towards a specific people. Using stereotypes to refer to people gives no real info.
Please be careful to use more amiable words in your commentary.
Please do not use insensitive racist terms to describe someone.
Referring to slavery is immature and disrespectful to many human beings who have suffered through oppression.
Bring an end to the horrific language against others.
Please do not use degrading racist terms to describe someone.
There is nothing funny about death.
Please discontinue the language that is damaging to others' feelings.
Please do not use racist and insensitive words to describe someone.
These are completely biased and untrue opinions. Christians and muslims can both be white. Any race can be any religion.
Please avoid the repugnant speech and use uplifting words.
The term you have used here is derogatory and can be offensive to other groups of women. You need to be more careful with your word choices.
The term you have used here is offensive towards the gay community, and does not belong in this context. You need to be more careful.
The term you have used here exemplifies racism, and this is not tolerated here. You need to use language that is less harmful to others!
The term you have used here is offensive towards the gay community, and should not be used. You need to be more careful with your words.
The term you have used here is derogatory, and has ties to racism. You can harm others by using this language. You need to use better words!
There is no reason to use that type of hateful homophobic language.
Do not use hateful racist terms when responding to the feeds.
That racial slur adds nothing to your argument.
Please avoid using anti semitic slurs and racist slurs when voicing your opinions.
Race has nothing to do with your political argument.
Avoid using hateful homophobic slurs and using mental disabilities as an insult.
Offending homosexuals and the disabled does not support your argument.
Labeling someone as mentally disabled is inappropriate
Name calling lessens the impact of your statement.
Ethnic background is not an appropriate insult
We can do without the swearing, though.
Racial slurs are an inappropriate form of argument people are all people
Foul language and name calling have no place here.
Religious identity, ethnic back ground, and sexual preference are all childish forms of attacking an idea, people are people
Really? We can do better than this.
Regardless of how you feel, you should show a little respect to others.
lets please find words that don't detract from the larger point we are trying to make.
Wipe out the terrible words that are hateful please.
lets maybe a way to say these things and sound like you are someone I should listen to.
Please let people know what you think but without the aggressive talk.
If you could not put down women when speaking negatively about someone I would appreciate it.
Speak your thoughts without the attacking language please.
Please try to not insult people with demeaning words about women.
State your opinions without the hateful speech please.
You were doing so well but I cant listen to someone willing to use derogatory words like that.
Take out the offensive words toward others please and be kind.
This seems like it could be a credible point if you didn't use derogatory terms for things people can't help in it.
This is exactly the kind of hate speech that is limiting.
It seems you are more upset than the liberals you are against, maybe throwing a fit on social media is hypocritical in this case.
Resorting to hate speech is no way to win an argument.
It is interesting that when you get upset you resort to name calling and derogatory terms but believe liberals are in the wrong.
Your hate speech is also inaccurate. Moslem is an adjective while Muslim is a noun.
I don't know that being gay or being a Muslim is a bad thing, your comment may make more sense if you used less profanity.
Using hate speech will hot help you make your point.
Calling names makes what would be an intelligently written comment much less so.
Replacing the vulgar language will make it more pleasurable for others to read.
As much as I am agreeing that feminism has become ridiculous no need to get racist about it.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their race (niggershit) and gender (twat). Avoid such words.
Using such vulgar terms to describe someone shows a lack of respect.
Please don't hate against one specific religion based on one person.
Sorry to hear you're sick, but comments like these are going to make other people sick.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their racial background (nigger) and sexual orientation(fags).
People will be more prone to consider your opinion if the vulgar language were removed.
Please refrain from using such slurs because of one guy.
No need to be so harsh against homosexuals.
Please avoid using hateful racial slurs when posting
It is better to judge each person on their character, instead of their religion.
Avoid using mental disabilities and anti semitic slurs against other users.
I think you can have a larger impact if you reduce the hateful language from your rhetoric.
Avoid using mental impairments as a way to prove a point.
I think you can make a more impactful statement if you use more objective language.
Please do not refer to female genders using that vulgar term.
I think you can make a more impactful statement if you remove the hateful language from your rhetoric.
Racial slurs really are not necessary.
It really isn't cool to use special need innuendos.
Really not necessary to categorize special needs on people you do not know.
Using "Ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. Thanks!
You are being rude with your nasty comments about the woman.
Using the "c---" term and emitting misogyny are offensive and should be avoided. Remember: there's *no* room for hate in this world.
You sound immature by labeling someone you do not know.
"Ret--d" used here offends the mentally disabled and their families. Remember--our fate is avoiding all hate!
You should respect others no matter their sexual preferences and shouldnt use the word faggot to insult someone as its insulting to all.
Your comment is offensive to homosexual people and is not welcome here.
That word is disrespectful, years of suffering because of salavery and because of that word you shouldnt use it.
Your comment is highly offensive to African American people and is unwelcome on this site.
Totally unwarranted to use hateful language regarding race to express an opinion.
There is a lot of hate in your messages, if no one is sure then you should keep comments to yourselfs and stop offending others.
The word cunt is disrespectful, you can express your opinion just dont use that kind of vocabulary.
Both of you should stop it, we need to respect others if we want our society to work.
Your comment contains offensive language and is unwelcome here.
Simply no need to use hateful language about women to express opinion.
Try not to use words derogatory towards women.
you really have a way with words
Please don't use sexist or misogynistic language like that, it's offensive.
"Retard" is offensive, please use a different word, like idiot or moron.
your language is completely trash
Language like that is offensive to the developmentally disabled.  Please be more sensitive and don't use that kind of language.
Why use faggot here? Is there anything wrong with being gay?
do your homework and watch your mouth
Please don't use language that is offensive to gay people.
thats a very violent response
The language you're using is offensive to women.  Please don't use it.
Please use an alternative to cunt.
wow what a lad
Please don't use that kind of vocabulary.  Language like that is offensive to women.
You shouldnt generalize. I am not tired of respecting my fellow man
I certainly wouldn't side with Hitler in this argument. He didn't win.
Plenty of successful and intelligent people follow the Kardashians
You can;t really defend one race of people while demeaning and stereotyping your own race.
This wouldn't be okay regardless of the positions each gender took. A woman should always stand up for her beliefs.
Regardless of if he's gay or not, the terms "faggot" or "degenerate" are never okay to use in this context.
I think you've got some intelligent thoughts, wish the language were the same.
Try to understand people who are different than you, instead of immediately shunning them.
Kudos to User 1for clearly expressing his opinion without resorting to name calling.
You need to find something better to do with your time than bully people on twitter.
Love the debate and discussion, think we can do it without attacking specific people by name?
Educate yourself on gay and Muslim culture before you go spreading ignorant slurs.
Let me guess, you guys hate gays, mexicans and muslims... because why?
Feel free to disagree with her politically, but never use sexism in your argument.
Good points, but did you really need to resort to the C word?
The use of slurs and racist language is not tolerated on this forum. Future use of such language will result in a ban.
Sad that people can't worship privately instead of being associated with radicals.
You shouldn't insult a entire race of people just because you don't agree with one.
The use of slurs is not tolerated on this forum. Future use of such language will result in a ban.
Ooooo, prove it!
Why does it matter what they did. As long as it was consensual is shouldn't matter what they did
Slurs are not tolerated in this forum. We will ban you if you use such language again.
Honestly you shouldn't use those kinds of words if you are trying to make a  difference in the world
The use of slurs is not tolerated in this form. Future use of such language will result in a ban.
Sadly, inbreeding creates multiple birth defects, congenital and mental.
It doesn't matter who anyone has kids with as long as they are happy. But by using that kind of language it only hurts a entire race.
People would engage you in intelligent dialogue if you did not use such language.
This is very disrespectful and racist. We have moved on from such disrespect in our history, please do not move backwards in society.
There are other words to describe people that will make you sound educated in the subject while still getting your point across.
Your comment would get a lot more traction without the derogatory language.
Please do not be so disrespectful and unkind by speaking in this way. A human does not deserve to be treated so unkindly.
We should make sure that we know for a fact as to what is happening in the picture before we comment.
If you elaborated more people would be able to understand your argument better.
When responding to a video link, I like to provide constructive respectful criticism. It makes for great conversation.
People would understand your post better if it did not have such derogatory language.
Please do not use such disrespectful words which attacks someones sexual orientation.
When responding to a statement, we should make sure that our answers are logical. If we just respond with insults that's all we get back.
Your commentary would be taken seriously if you did not use such derogatory language.
There isn't any need to put down anyone's choice in religion. Spread love not hate. After all, we are all human.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation and gender in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Remember you may have allies who identify with the pejorative words you use.
Remember not everyone in a certain group acts only a certain way, it's easier to find the good in people as it advances dialogue.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race and/or sexual orientation in violation of Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
A lot of the words used in this conversation mean a lot of people won't take the time to read it and understand your positions.
Your post denigrates sexual orientation and/or religious affiliation in violation of Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
Using hateful words might make you come across as hateful, the very thing you are saying that you are against.
Your choice of words makes it hard to comprehend your true feelings of the situation.
you might be one never know
That racist term is not allowed on these posts.
Whoa there, homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. thank you
everyone is a brother and sister
Avoid using hateful terms regarding sexual orientation in your responses.
it almost seems like you could be a racist
If we are trying to talk about Zog we can be more civil about it.
Stupid would suffice in this case, we don't need to use colorful words!
Its inappropriate to use 'faggot and homo' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
We can choose to dislike someone without flinging mud! We're all human here.
Your argument would be taken more seriously if you wouldn't use such language.
There are better ways to disagree with someone than use such disparaging language.
Whoa there, homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments Thank you
Your argument would be taken seriously if you did not begin it with such disparaging language.
Your argument would be taken more seriously without your first (unnecessary) sentence.
If you didn't use such language your message would reach many more people than it does now.
Sounds like you have a lot of pent up anger, ever though of taking up boxing?
You cant make threats like that online. That will get you in a lot of trouble with local law.
The language you have used here is vulgar and very offensive. To prevent harm, you need to use a better choice of words.
You can find a better way to voice your displeasure. You don't have to mean to a entire race of people.
The term you have used is offensive to other countries and communities of people. You need to use a better choice of words to prevent harm!
That seems uncalled for. Have more respect.
Hey if you don't like him leave out the racial insult. How about you just say weasel. If you do that we will all know you don't like him
The term you have used is racist and derogatory. You need to be more careful with your words as they can seriously harm others.
Wow, do you both really have nothing better to do then hate on each other? Such a shame and waste of great people.
Two wrongs don't make a right. Why don't you try to take the high road and not attack someones orientation like that
The term you have used is offensive towards the gay community, and should not be used in any context. You need to use better word choices.
How would you feel if someone was calling you that? Probably not great, think of that next time.
She is a lady and she deserves respect. Their is no reason to call anyone names like that
The term you have used is derogatory towards women and should not be used here. You can prevent harming others by using better word choice.
you make no sense at all
That comment could use some editing if you have a point to make.
So much hate in one statment. Someone needs a some lunch and a nap.
they dress really nice i think
That could have been much more effective with out the name calling.
Every time I hear or see that word I immediately get "I Want My MTV" stuck in my head and find myself humming if not singing it. THANKS. :/
or he could just be normal
If you use derogatory words for people no one will hear what your trying to say.
I wasn't aware people were remotely expected to do things specifically for one race and not all of mankind.
you all need more time with jesus
There are so many more creative ways to insult each other that don't bring down whole groups of people.
I don't believe any of our ancestors had this type of nonsense in mind when immigrating here. What a shame we can be at times....
go say that to the drag queen down at the gay bar
lets refrain from putting putting people down using derogatory expressions.
As a female and a mom of sons, I find it really disturbing anyone with a prostate is considered to be a female and is revered as such.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing of value to the conversation.
If you don't want her in office how about you vote. its a lot easier than attacking someone online
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion.
Please refrain from using hateful racist language in your posts.  It adds nothing valuable to the discussion.
Gender is a category that shouldn’t be the basis of an insult or disparagement.  Race should never be used as an insult.
That word hurts so many people. I wish you would think about the damage it causes before you say it
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to your argument or the discussion.
We need to be able to talk about stuff without attacking one another this type of attitude only hurts us all
Race and religion should never be used as an insult. It’s wrong and it detracts from any other argument you are presenting.
That word used to condemn a entire race. You are only hurting everyone in that group by saying it
Please do not use derogatory racial or ethnic slurs or anti-Semitic rhetoric.
Please do not use derogatory language for women or racial and religious slurs.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their sexuality, gender, or race such as  'faggot nigger and slut'
Please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabilities or racial and homophobic slurs.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their sexual orientation (faggot) and race (nigger). Avoid such words.
we are not the minority dude use your head
There is no reason to spout off this way, we need to find a way to come together and address this issue, peacefully.
no they will watch and listen because they relate to her beliefs
Use of hateful language regarding gender is unnecessary and impolite to express opinion.
I think they are going to watch because she is pretty, and maybe they will listen to her words, and make the appropriate decision after that
Use of hateful language regarding women is unwarranted and not humorous.
We can have a civil discussion, without resulting to personal attacks.
you can barely spell, put the bottle down
Use of hateful language regarding disability and race is impolite and unintelligent.
If anything is "sad", it's the fact that things must turn personal when someone says something another doesn't like. Lets try to be civil.
if she does its because she fell in love
The choice was a personal one, and we need to respect that. Even if we don't agree, she is entitled to live her life as she chooses.
Sexual preference should not be used as an insult, what if you were born that way you find unappealing?
Using vulgar language can make others think you have a lack of a good vocabulary.
Labeling someone with a sexual preference slur as an insult is inappropriate, what if you were born in this way you find gross?
These racial slurs promote racism and inequality, we are all people, please stop
Even if someone is less intelligent than you, it doesn't mean they deserve to be treated badly.
racial slurs are not a way we should define our fellow man, all lives matter
Sexuality and race are not appropriate insults, this promotes inequality love your fellow humans
Uncalled for. Haven't you heard of not judging a book by it's cover, maybe you should apply that to random people you don't know.
I don't think people should waste their time trolling, but try a better approach. Positive thinking will get you positive outcomes.
just because a person is not skilled in expressing himself does not mean that he is of a particular party.
Everything about this is just terrible. Mistakes were made, don't hold that against other people. Dare to be the bigger person.
Wow that is very unprofessional for a teacher to say. To make matters worse she's a special ed teacher. Fire and arrest her!
She is a woman who is incensed with the bad treatment of women in general. Try to have patience with her.
You're contradicting yourself here, a woman is still a woman and if you're against hitting them that applies to all.
Just because a woman has a different political view and perhaps sexual preference doesn't make her any less of a female.
You disseminate hatred against women while you state that you would never do it. Somehow I do not believe you.
You're right, he did a stupid thing. There is no need to call him names on top of it.
That isn't funny at all. This kid needs to be expelled and perhaps arrested. In 2019 we cannot tolerate this even if the gun is fake.
guns and children do not mix. This child is obviously having issues that should be addressed.
Really? You couldn't have thought of a more intelligent way to express your distaste of this person.
Drug addiction is a very tough thing to get over. Unless you've personally dealt with it I would refrain from calling him such names.
It is hard to discern what political figure you are talking about. Would you please name him or her?
I don't understand the point of the hate speech to get a point across.
Sexual preference is an inappropriate insult
You sound ignorant using that sort of speech.
Racial slurs are inappropriate uses of pronouns
All this hate speech is depressing.
Its inappropriate to use the words 'nigger and wop dego bitch' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race. Avoid such words.
Religious preference and racial slurs are childish forms of argument
There are words to use that would make ya sound more intelligent, just saying.
Derogatory use of the n-word is inappropriate please stop
You could have just tried saying Chinese.
Avoid using the word 'Chinaman' as its considered to be racist
Really mature calling names.
I can agree that this seems like a comical situation, however I think it'd be funnier if there was less name calling and better language!
You can get your point across without vulgarity
I can understand this situation is heated, but I feel like we'd have a better understanding for each other's if we used less hateful speech!
You can speak without vulagrity
I know it may seem easy to make fun of people in certain situations, but we should still be respectful of others in our speech and comments.
Your statements are unintelligent and crazy
I don't think awful situations ever benefited anyone and we as commenters need to be much more wary that our words do not harm others!
All of this language is sad and disrespectful.
I know it's hard to hear negative things when we are upset, but I still think we should rise above and not add to the use of hurtful speech!
Using such language is not very mature.
this is inappropriate and not well thought out
Your words would have more of an impact without the vulgarity.
Do not refer to the person in context with a racial slur
That is no way to talk about Jesus.
Using sexual preference slurs nullifies your argument.
It is not right to talk about peoples race and sexuality this way when it would be better to just say I don't like CNN.
Sexual preference and racial slurs are a childish form of argument
It isn't necessary to label someone's sexuality that you do not know.
regardless of your political opinion using racial and sexual slurs to attack the character of the opposing view is foolish
Hey, don't say things like that, there's no need for that kind of language, simply saying "at least one person" would have been fine.
Everyone is entitled to their opinions, there is no need to insult someone based on their political affiliation.
Using a hateful word that applies to some disabled people to describe a Democrat is not what Conservatives stand for either.
Using a derogatory term for someones sexual orientation is uncalled for, it's 2019, we have no place for such terms, so I suggest you stop.
I think we are all sick of the hateful, radical beliefs from both sides.
You could have used a different word to describe your unhappiness, that does not put down others with an intellectual disability.
There's no need for that, politely asking would have been just fine.
You could probably make more friends if you wouldn't be so rude to people.
Remove the damaging speech to others in your comments please.
None of this is productive. If you want your opinion to matter, you should try and convince other people why it does.
maybe trying to explain that its not good to use those words to express a sentiment, i would be telling the guy that he needs to relax.
Your words are devastating to others so please stop them.
Most people don't go by Judean--it's a word most commonly used in scripture. But that doesn't excuse your hate speech.
telling him thath being that nationalistic is not good, that he´s rosing facism wich is really bad.
Take out the condescending comments to others and use nicer words.
Retard is a pejorative word that plenty of people find hurtful. There must be words you find hurtful. Think about that.
explaning that the R word, really hurt the fellings of the people and using lightly is really bad for everyone
Please chat in a manner that is edifying to others and not demeaning.
Ephesians, 4:32 - Be kind to one another, tender-hearted, forgiving each other just as God in Christ also has forgiven you.
Guys we should just let this nationalistic and religious think behind, we are better than this, and together we can do a lot more
Please avoid talking about  people in a hateful way and express your views in a more positive manner.
maybe we should keep the slurs behind, i mean we live in 2019 guys being a machist is really bad
Racial slurs are inappropriate, do not label your fellow man by the color of his skin
Just because someone chooses to do drugs does not make them mentally disabled
I think you can make a much more impactful statement if you removed the hateful language from your rhetoric.
Racial slurs, gender discrimination, insulting threw mental disability labeling takes away from arguments by involving petty insults
I'm not sure this type of language is in the spirit of free speech. I think you can make a more impactful statement by removing the hatred.
Sexual preference is just that, do not insult this person because of who they choose to satisfy their sexual needs with
I'm not sure the language used was appropriate, you can still make an impactful statement by removing hateful speech.
A paroxysm of racism, and the "n word" constitute forbidden hate speech. Please help us put on the brakes when it comes to hate!
Racism, the "n word" and antisemitism are hate speech; and hate speech is forbidden here. So make your point without them.
Misogyny, racism and the "n word" mark this post as decidedly repugnant, and so we must ask you to please desist from such hate speech.
Antisemitism and homophobic hatred here mar these otherwise positively insipid emissions. Hate is forbidden here, so please desist.
Please refer to the people in context with the proper terms instead of offensive slangs and slurs
Sexual preference is not a form of argument
A mental dissability should not be used as an insult
Regardless of your opinion please do not refer to the people in context as having a mental disability if they do not in fact have one
I don't appreciate the racist language here.
Religion shouldn’t be a category that is attached or demeaned.  Focus on the objectionable behavior, not who someone is.
There is no reason to call names just because you disagree.
Name calling is pointless, rude, and unacceptable.
Gender disability is a category that shouldn’t be the basis of an insult or disparagement.  It’s a lazy flex.
Black culture is superior to the hate you have for others.
Racist opinions do not need to be voiced here.
If you have a point you would like to make, please do so without the use of inflammatory and derogatory language.
I did it means; not generous; stingy. or in a stingy or meager manner.
If you would like to add to a meaningful conversation, please avoid the use of vulgar and hateful language.
They do love their investigations
Please avoid the use of derogatory language in order to further a respectful dialogue.
A huge bundle of sticks that would be heavy.
If you wish to make a meaningful point, please refrain from using language that is derogatory and hate-filled.
Japan is such an interesting place
If you do not have a meaningful and respectful contribution, please refrain from commenting.
Football season should be starting soon.
Racism is so unattractive. Try better tags!
I see where you're coming from but lets use more intelligent words.
Homophobia is shown here, try again.
There is no point in using this language here
Using the word "ret--d(ed)" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
Anti-Islamic hate speech is not permitted here. Sorry!
Violence is found in every race, maybe we should focus more on mental health issues than peoples' races and feeding this hatred.
This is old news. The man was obviously having problems. Let's let this one rest rather than harbor hate.
We should really be focused more on talking to each other without using derogatory terms for things people can't help, as if they are bad.
Saw this showdown. It seems that nothing has changed between the two of you. Please discontinue this drivel.
We don't need to hate a whole group based on a few, and being crude doesn't help your case.
I find it very hard to understand whom you are talking about and what the ultimate goal is. Elucidate.
Please refrain from using derogatory terms for people of any religion or national origin.
It would be nice if we could not call names on the internet.
It's impossible to understand what you are trying to say. Quite impossible for us to talk to you. We wish we could.
Using derogatory terms for things people can't help doesn't get your point across very well to intelligent people.
Please express for us what prompted this diatribe.
Ya I think he was joking. But trust me I'm no Kanye fan.
I wonder when the NFL will go bankrupt or a big corruption will take place. I don't think it's a forever business.
Not until the Trump election did I see how much fake news we are feed daily. Now I don't even watch it.
No women should be rapped ever. It doesn't matter what their personal beliefs are.
I wasn't aware that when a woman has no eyebrows she deserved to be disrespected so badly.
Slurs are not tolerated on this form. We will not hesitate to ban you for the use of such language here.
It is better to judge someone on their character, instead of their lifestyle choice.
Slurs and racist language are not tolerated on this form. Future use of such language will result in a ban.
Please refrain from using profanity and racial slurs.
Please refrain from using racial slurs to describe individuals.
Please refrain from using racial slurs and derogatory statements about individuals with disabilities in your responses.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (retarded) and racial background (Mulato).
Please refrain from using racial slurs in your discussion.
even if you agree with the above post please respect those who may read
"Fa--ot" as used here is an offensive term and should be avoided. Help us slam down the brakes when it comes to hate!
That is an awful word. Stop
even though the first post is rude dont steep to that level, be better than that
Your words are racist and homophobic. Disgusting
this is a very notable and intelligent conversation. lets just leave the slurs out though
Antisemitic ("the jewish controllers...") and homophobic ("fa--ot") hate speech is offensive and should be avoided. Thanks!
i understand your frustration but your point is more clear without the negative language
Antisemitism and misogyny exhibited here are constitutive of hate speech not permitted here. Thank you for your help squashing hate.
You can make a point without such gross language.
you can express your pint of view with more tasteful articulation of words
The "n word" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary. Remember our law is hate nevermore!
There are white and black basketball players. Youre just racist.
The use of the "n" word to describe Mayor Sylvester is inappropriate as well as offensive and should not be used.
Racist hatred and the use of the "n word" are prohibited here, so don’t let hate through the gate! Many thanks.
The use of individuals mental statuses and country of origin should not be used to attack others.
Please refrain from using a persons race as an attack form.
Racism and the use of the "n word" are not permitted here. Try and write like a pro—give hate the heave-ho!
The language used in this post is unacceptable and attacks individuals based on their gender as well as sexual orientation.
The terms you have used in your comment are extremely racist.
The term you have used here is racist, and not tolerated here. You need to prevent harm by using a better choice of words.
The FBI, being the highly intelligent agency it is, must have a good reason to refuse release of the memos.
The term you have used is derogatory towards the gay community, and should not be used here. You need to be more careful with your words.
You all have a high curiosity for peoples sexuality. Jewish peoples beliefs should be no part of this public discussion nor sexuality.
The term you have used is derogatory and offensive towards the gay community. You can prevent harm by using a better choice of words.
Someone's personal opinion towards a Youtube video shouldn't give you the right to use a improper stereotype.
The term you have used has ties to a racist, derogatory term, and should not be used here. You need to be more careful with your words.
If your going to use a horrible term, you should at least be able to properly spell. This shouldnt even be a discussion.
The term you have used here is derogatory towards women, and should not be used. You need to be more careful with your choice of words.
Please consider using a different word than the 'r' word.
Using a derogatory term against people is making fun of those people with actual mental disabilities.
Please consider using different language than the 'r' word.
I feel like as commenters, we need to learn how to express ourselves in a positive way and get our points across without using bad language!
There is no need for such vulgar language. It really undermines your points.
We're all entitled to an opinion, but I believe we can find more tactful ways to express ourselves instead of using derogatory words!
Talking about women this way is uncalled for.
I believe we shouldn't name call, but instead use language that helps lift another person up!  It's important to avoid hateful speech!
Please edit the heinous speech and use language that is less debasing to others.
We don't have to be enemies of any race. I have a great idea, let's just all get along and embrace the diversity!
Please remove the abrasive speech and use friendlier language.
She should just be happy she wasn't hurt. I don't understand the ungratefulness.
The abominable language has to stop so please use other words to express yourself.
The nasty names are needed. That is probably why the YouTube video is no longer available.
The objectionable language is unnecessary so please avoid using it.
Try words that are less harmful to a person.
Please discuss your views without the horrid words, but use kindness instead.
I do agree that CNN and MSNPC aren't very truthful, but that goes for most major networks too.
Please stop saying cruel words to others and use encouragement instead.
look at you and what you just said
There's no need for those racially insensitive and offensive comments.
Please end the comments that use hurtful words.
but look at what you just said in reference
Please try to use helpful words instead of ones that are vicious.
Please stop using damaging remarks and be more delightful in your comments.
i would love to meet you in a dark alley
There is no need for that racially insensitive language.
Please cease the loathsome words toward people and be respectful.
That word is very insensitive and offensive to women.
Would be a better conversation without reference to sexuality.
I'd like it if you did not use hateful language targeting sexual orientation and religion.
It is better to judge someone on their character, instead of a stereotype about their lifestyle.
It would be best if both of you did not talk to each other with these remarks.
User 2, that kind of language targeting a sexual orientation is hateful and will not be tolerated.
You should not use racial remarks especially when you are guessing.
The way you say the N word is preeeety offensive to a lot of people.
"Ret--ded" as used here offends many and should be avoided. Thank you for your help in keeping hate away.
this insult is completely uncalled for.  You should not use such hateful language towards people trying to escape poverty.
You could have countered his point by saying that his language is uncalled for, instead you stepped the harshness of the discourse up more
Using the words 'retarded moron' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Avoid such words.
Racism and the "n word" are constitutive of hate speech; which is forbidden here. Thanks for your understanding and future compliance.
Your language is HORRIBLE.  You should never use a derogatory insult towards someone just because you do not like something.
Why do you have to use this terrible insult.  This is not something that should be welcome in society today.
You do not have to use such a derogatory insult in this post.  You could have just never responded in the first place.
thats actually really high IQ
Please eliminate the loathsome language and use kind words.
he couldve beat your ass
Put an end to the abusive words directed at others.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race and religious affiliation in violation of Com Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
Please stop the verbal assaults on others and use warmer words.
you could think of different ways to insult someone
Please take out the nasty words you use and provide your thoughts with milder language.
and youre someone who needs to rethink life
Please discard all the hateful talk and use gentler words when expressing yourself.
Bestiality is a crime, not an orientation, and it has nothing to do with religion.
People with intellectual disabilities are not a political monolith.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature, demean someone's race or mental disability contribute to a productive conversation.
Comedy Central is not a news channel.
It is close to impossible to determine someone's orientation just from their looks.
I know everyone is entitled to their own opinion, but perhaps we could do better than to use hateful words and name calling against others!
I understand that debates can become heated, but we should still always try to treat others with respect and try to use more polite speech!
Avoid words that directly attack one based on their sexual orientation (faggot) and gender (cunt, bitch), race (nigger, Kike)
Antisemitic (e.g. "ki-e") homophobic (e.g. "fa--ot") and racist (e.g. the "n word) hate speech is forbidden here. Let’s avoid it--thanks!
It can seem easy to use harsh language against others, but I feel we as commenters should take the high road and use less aggressive speech.
Misogynist hatred (e.g. "c--t") is not permitted here. Try and write like a pro—by giving hate the heave-ho!
I don't believe that reveling in another person or group's downfall is very appropriate!  We should be lifting each other up with our words!
Racism (e.g. the "n word") is hate speech, which is not permitted here. Please comply or you may be asked to leave--and we'll sure miss you!
You are using a term that has been offensive for centuries and is not acceptable.
Name calling does not help prove your point.
There is still no need for name calling.
its offensive to use words that attack one based on their sexual preferences and race such as 'coal burners, burning the coal, and nigger'
You are using a term that has been a racial slur for centuries and is not acceptable in any way shape or form
Making names "cute" doesn't make them good.
Do you know the history of this term? It is derogatory and offensive . Please do some research
There is no need for this kind of thing.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (retarded) and race (paki). Avoid such words.
Your comment is offensive both the those with learning difficulties and to those of Pakistani heritage. It does you no favours
We don't need to make fun of people.
People are not subhuman becauase of their race. If you bleed red, like we all do, then you're human.
You really need to think about how using words like that hurts everyone.
Wow that is terrible to say just because someone is different from you. Be more polite and have more compassion.
This is the kinda stuff that causes the police to get involved. I mean if something happens you are a suspect.
There is no such thing as a normal human. We are all the same, just a little different from one another.
I don't understand how you could be ok with saying stuff like that to someone. You really need to think about what makes you angry like that
Trump is still our President and you need to respect that. When people knock our leader they don't see how their knocking the USA.
Bitchute is like the new YouTube without all the commercials, I like it. Try to be more respectful when posting too.
If you don't like his content then report him. Their is no need to use that word and hurt other people like that
Please clarify what you're writing about. It's very hard to converse if we don;t understand.
The language used here is vulgar and offensive to multiple groups of people! You can prevent harm by using a different choice of words.
That's being more polite than this deserves. It would be better not to wake up that way.
The term you have used is a form of racism, and can be very harmful towards others. You need to be more careful with your word choices.
The question was whether he would be treated differently from his counterpart. It is rhetorical, and serves no useful purpose.
The language used here is derogatory and exemplifies racism. This can be harmful towards others. You need to be careful with your words!
The fact that his website allows certain linguistic characterizations does not mean that you should use them.
The term you have used here is offensive towards the gay community, and should not be used in this context. You need to be more careful!
It is interesting that someone is baiting us into conversation. Perhaps this is a version of Internet propaganda.
Just because someone is a different religion than you, doesn't mean they are less than you.
The term you have used here is derogatory towards the Muslim community, and can be hurtful. You need to be more careful with your words.
I think you can make a much more impactful statement by using less hateful language.
The following post contains offensive language which is prohibited on this platform.
I think you can make a more impactful statement by using less hateful language.
Your post contains offensive language which is in violation of our Terms Of Service.
I'm not sure I understand the joke, the language seems hurtful and unnecessary.
Please refrain from discussing sensitive topics and using profanity.
Your use of hate speech has resulted in your account being flagged for possible account restrictions or termination.
I think you can probably avoid using this word if you wanted to, I'm not sure you intended it this way.
Your comment has been tagged as containing hate speech. Further infractions will lead to account restrictions.
The whole point of having security is to protect people. This guy should be fired and arrested for allowing the attack.
Using the term "dyke" pejoratively is offensive hate speech and should be avoided. Remember: there's no room for hate in this world.
No reason for name calling. I doubt any of us know how we would react in the situation.
The word shouldn't be used I agree, but using a derogatory name that refers to a disabled person shouldn't either.
Let's also not give the word "retarded" any power. What a terrible word to throw about.
We all have a right to freedom of religion. I am not Muslim nor do I understand it, but posting such disrespect isn't helping.
A touch of disabled-bashing ("ret--ded") here levens a veritable tsunami of anti-Islamic hate speech. It is banned here, though. Sorry!
Honestly, it's a vile thing that was done, regardless of the man's religion. That's what the focus should be on.
That is very disrespectful to say just because someone is different from you. Be more caring about their situation too.
Anti-ethnic hate speech--like "spics"--is not allowed on this site. Let’s make it today ... to drive hate away!.
No need for that kind of language. If you disagree with something on the forum, use informed reasoning to make your case.
We need to accept the apology but don't have to forget the actions she did. Our world needs more understanding.
Including "c--t" pejoratively causes your comment to be banned as hate speech. Remember our fate ... is avoiding all hate!
Can't we disagree with her opinion without calling names? Let's be better than that.
Use of hateful language regarding race is unjust and nonsensical.
He seriously thinks that people should hand over their money to him for no reason. But I don't think it has anything to do with race.
Okay! Someone sounds angry! What bee flew up your bonnet: hate toward mentally handicapped and Jews  in just 5 words!!
Expand my horizons what in the world are "Pig" Jews and "sand" loving niggers as opposed to regular Jews and Blacks?
Not sure where anyone said they were afraid of Woody Allen. I mean it's just Woody, he wouldn't hurt a fly.
Stick and stones may break my bones, but names will never hurt me....
Totally unnecessary to use hateful language about women while posting.
She might read it and react nicely if you don't be so disrespectful in the process.
Hey, don't insult my gay friends by calling them socialists!
I have never heard of that term before. Be more respectful with your posts too.
Attacking another's identity is fundamentally wrong, because it belittles and makes generalizations of a larger group.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their sexual orientation (faggots) and ethnicity (nigger).
There is no reason to use hateful words when describing users.
Racial slurs are an attack on entire populations that have a deep history in hatred. Using them only add flames to the fire.
Its inappropriate to use the words 'nigger and nigga' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race.
Just how the dailymail article didn't use hateful words, you do not have to either.
Muslims are not invaders; they are an ethno-religious group with a deep history. They are human beings, just like you and me.
You might have a better time getting your point across if you don't use hateful term.
Hateful and derogatory words have a long history in oppression and outcasting. Using them only adds to this.
Using a hateful words distracts from your point.
Using derogatory words to describe the gay community only adds to the amount of hate they get for being themselves.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (retarded) and sexual orientation (faggot and homo). .
It's easier to enforce the rules without breaking them by posting hateful speech.
I think that you can still make an impactful statement without using violent or hateful language.
No reason to use the N word.
I think you can rebut in a more impactful way by using less hateful language.
I'm not sure I agree with the hateful language, maybe if you wrote more objectively, i'd be willing to hear more.
Please no N word.
Love conquers all.
Refrain from using hateful homophobic slurs.
You shouldn't be so hateful. Try having a decent conversation and you might learn something.
Stop using hateful homophobic slurs towards others.
Both of you should calm down and try to see eye to eye.
Violence is never the answer, please calm down.
Abstain from using racist terms when posting on this feed.
Racism isn't cool, you should try being nicer to people.
Do not use mental impairments and homophobic slurs when you post.
Hi there, derogatory and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thx
You sound like you are angry, maybe take a breather.
Whoa, please avoid using hateful racist terms when responding to others.
Abstain from using homophobic slurs when posting to other users.
Hate is not the answer, please refrain from using that type of speech.
Do not use this racist slur when responding to other users.
Please refrain from using hate speech, especially about the former President.
There is no reason to use that type of hateful racist term.
Hate speech is unnecessary and unwarranted, please refrain from using it.
They came from a place with different standards and culture. Their is no reason to insult them just because of that
Whoa there, Racist and sexist comments are hurtful and derogatory. Please be considerate of others when posting. Thank you
He was our leader at one point and he deserves out respect still.
You are really awful. She is doing good for the people of the world and you insult her for that.
Speaking so harshly about another person speaks volumes about your character.
No one eats babies. I don't understand why people think up these crazy things to hurt people
Dude all lives matter and no one is above anyone. We are all brothers and sisters
Their is bad on both sides of the political scale. And by attacking people instead of talking we accomplish nothing
It is better to judge someone on their character, instead of a racial or political stereotype.
Those words only cause harm. And you shouldn't care what avatar anyone uses just focus on making yourself better
That is all false information. You need to calm down and think about how people can misinterpret what you put out online.
It is better to judge someone on their character, instead a stereotype about their lifestyle.
No one deserves to have anything like that done to them. Try to think how people related to her would feel reading that
Anti-gay slurs are not tolerated in this forum. Please refrain from using them again or you will be banned.
Hey, Derogatory and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thx
Slurs are not tolerated in this forum. Future use of such language will result in a ban.
Hateful language and slurs are not tolerated. We will ban you from this forum if you continue to use such language
Please do not use slurs against people with intellectual disabilities. Future use of such language will result in a ban.
The use of slurs is not tolerated in this forum. Future use of such language will result in a ban from the forum.
That words is terrible and is only there to hurt the people of Mexico.
You need to try to slow down and breath. You are just insulting to insult. Those words cause a lot of harm think next time before you say it
I'm sure you could find a way to get your point across by not saying hurtful words like that. Those words only bring down a entire race.
Single moms need help just like all of us do. It is not hard to raise a kid on one income.
I have known Macron for a long time and he is a refined gentleman from a respectable background
Simply no need to use hateful language about sexual orientation to express opinion.
using bad language does not help the situation. Religion is a choice and should be respected as such
Hateful language regarding race is unwarranted and not humorous.
It is never any parents or the children's choice to live with a disability, we should understand they are vulnerable
we are all created equal, and re equal in the eyes of the creator. We perform equally in all fields, color is just a decoration
when it comes down to capabilities, all re the same given equal opportunities
Nice lack of logic you showed there.
"Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
I'm with you with being against this but there is no need to resort to that kind of talk.
And its that kind of rhetoric that makes everyone glad neither of you  are in charge of anything.
Hey there, Sexist and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thx
Misogynistic and homophobic hate speech mar these comments to the point of banishment. Remember our law ... is hate nevermore!
Not really helping the conversation there kid. You are just feeding into the stereotype they give your side with that kind of talk.
The "n word" and racist hate speech are banned here. Thank you for your help in keeping hate away.
The world may be a better place if people stopped calling others names on the internet.
Please refrain from using hate speech, Thank you!
Easier and better received if you just say be quiet.
Making fun of a mental disability makes you seem less credible.
Hate speech is unwanted on Gab, please refrain.
We could still make intelligent arguments without using derogatory terms based on things one can help.
Please attempt to refrain from hate speech while on Gab., Thank you!
It is not necessary to bash someone because you do not like their religion or nationality.
There are no cities in the US currently that are all black, maybe your hatred toward people of color shows the real problem here.
Hate speech is not wanted or allowed please refrain, thanks!
There is no reason to talk about a city or the people that live in it based on race.
Hateful words and/or racial slurs are NOT tolerated because i feel we can still express our opinions or views WITHOUT hate please
Why use that word though? Why spew so much hate for no reason?
It is not necessary to use vile, vulgar or nastiness when describing someone you do not agree with. Please refrain from name calling
Please refrain from using a real disability or a handicap to make fun of a person,words such as that will be removed. Use proper names
I think you can still achieve the same impact without using hateful language.
You shouldnt use the word "retard", thats so hurtful to so many people.
Please know that you can express your opposition or dislike of someone WITHOUT using racist and offensive remarks. Please re word this
Please stop, just stop with the racist remarks. Its so hurtful and upsetting to so many people.
We cannot support the use of such vulgar, racist, and hateful remarks. There is no need to resort to remarks about violence or race/gender
Speaking like this doesnt get you heard, it just makes you sound incredibly uneducated.
Your comment doesn't offer any insight into the link which could help people to join the discussion.
Everything you said up until the end was great, maybe use the words "silly" or "foolish" next time.
You can disagree with somebody without resorting to insults towards the disabled.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature or refer to women's genitals contribute to a productive conversation.
I think they are just trying to make the community more inclusive so that more people can feel safe getting involved in discussions.
Instead of just stating your opinion show people a link or quote facts, it will help people to see your point of view.
Language people. You can express your ire respectfully and we insist that you do so. Thank you.
Stop using mental impairments for insults on posts
Persons with disabilities is the accepted term. Consider this a first warning. We appreciate your understanding and cooperation.
Avert from using mental impairments as a way to insult users.
It's not right for anyone of any gender to be hurting the opposite gender, whether it be male or female.
We ask that you refrain from using such terms to express your opinions of others intelligence. Your cooperation is appreciated.
Please stop using harmful words pertaining to a disability to insult cultures.
Reddit is for everyone people we ask that you refrain from such hateful terms. Just a heads up, thank you for your understanding.
Do not use a disability to voice your opinions.
The term you have used is unnecessary, and makes fun of the disabled community. There are other words you can use that are less offensive.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread.
Using ableist slurs to imply low intelligence is harmful to people who have a mental disorder
I can tell you aren't meaning to be offensive, but the term you used should be replaced with something different.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread or the sub.
I know you are expressing anger, but the term you used can be seen as offensive by women, and you need to be more careful with your words.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread
Women have made just as many accomplishments as men, and men did not build everything, that's inaccurate
The term you have used is unnecessary and offensive to the disabled community. You need to use better word choices that are less harmful.
Women boast way more accomplishments than you are giving credit for, the point is so that those accoplishments don't get swept under the rug
The term you have used is very offensive to the disabled community, and you should find a different term to use that is less harmful.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion in this sub
The wage gap is still present so that's inaccurate, and using ableist words harms people with a mental disability
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion in this sub.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion in this thread
Everyone is trying to make a buck and some people do it in crappy ways.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion in this sub.
Using cunt as an insult to women is hate speech. Do not do that here.
Using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Its inappropriate to use that attack one based on their race and nationality such as 'dumb fucking hillbilly white people'.
Insulting someone because of their race is hate speech. Do not use that speech here.
Accusing someone of mental disability is offensive to them and people who really have mental disabilities.
You shouldn't be attacking people of a different religion.
Using a term like this is an attack on women. You should use a more logical response if you disagree with them.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others.
You shouldn't be attacking people who lead different lifestyles.
If you think someone made a mistake you do not need to attack people with mental disabilities.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others because of their gender.
Please do not use language that could be offensive to those with inellectual disabilities.
hey, i know you just tossed it out there so why dont we think before using the 'r' word.
Please do not use racist and ableist language.
Using "brown" and putting things in quotes does not make an insult any easier to take or any less real.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It doesn't add anything productive to the conversation.
Please refrain from using hateful homophobic language in your posts.  It does nothing to contribute to the discussion in this thread
words like fag, faggot, fagbot, and faggy are inappropriate as they attack one based on their sexual orientation. Refrain from such words.
Many people would find that language to be offensive and it shouldn't be tolerated.
Please don't use hateful ableist language in your posts.  It does nothing to contribute to the discussion in any productive manner.
Please refrain from the use of hateful ableist language in your posts.  It doesn't help your argument or add anything of value to the thread
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (retarded) and gender (bitch). Refrain from such words.
There is no need to be rude by being childish. Words have consequences, and be careful about offending others.
Wow! She was wrong, but the use of that term is pretty vile.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing valuable to the discussion in this thread.
discourage users from using misogynistic slurs
I am sure you don't mean to mock a serious medical condition, which is what that word actually describes.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread.
I totally get your point, but using such vile anti-female slurs isn't cool.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing valuable to the discussion in this thread.
This whole post is so full of racial slurs that it's hard to read through.
Please refrain from using hateful and ableist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing of value to your argument or the discussion.
start a non-judgmental discussion about white and black men and the perceived judgments each one faces
These crude insults make everyone look bad. Treat each other with civility and you will maybe find a compromise
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
I think that unusual or strange would be a better descriptor.
You are being very aggressive and hyperbolic with that language. You are putting words into peoples mouths and it is unsettling.
I know it is a meme, but I think a more precise well thought out argument would be more appropriate.
This situation seems really tragic and I think it is terrible, but someone of any sex could be so awful.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender, which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Using the term "c--t" pejoratively is offensive hate speech and should be avoided.
opinions can be expressed without the use of profanity
Hate speech directed on the basis of sexual orientation, and the pejorative use of "ret--ded," are gratuitously offensive and banned here.
politically correct comments should not be used derogatorily
No, the correct term is in fact disabled. The one you presented is an ableist slur
Hate terms like "spastic" and "c--t" direct venom at the mentally disabled and women, respectively and as such are not allowed here.
oppositions can be made clear without the use of profanity or slander
You can't have equality for only one group, by definition, so that doesn't make sense
racist and derogatory comments are prohibited
Saying that the nazis were right is a pretty bold and inaccurate move. I don't feel like anyone committing genocide has the right idea
comment without profanity and slander
Women actually make up a huge percentage of the gaming community, so it's actually a smart move, regardless of ableism implying bad ideas
Just because someone is a different race or religion doesn't mean they are a bad person.
When you use those sorts of slurs your argument is immediately invalidated.
Please do not use racist slurs on this website.
Using a derogatory term against someone you dislike makes fun of the people with actual mental disabilities.
Your perspective is tainted by that sort of language.
Please do not use language that is offensive to those with inellectual disabilities.
It's hard to understand your perspective when you use that word.
i have to doubt the rest of your position when you just use the 'r' word to mean anything.
These people have went though some horrible things. You shouldn't criticize them.
Be mindful of harsh language. Not everyone cusses or belittles people with intelligence issues.
dont use that "R" word as a catch all. i thought we were done with that.
Watch the cussing and how you refer to people. Using cuss words all the time and referring to people as slang words is not necessary.
if you would think for 3 seconds there are about 20 words that really mean what you want to say here.
Using a word that demeans people based on intelligence is not accepted in the real word and can get you in more trouble than it's worth.
you have such a well thought position and then ruin it for me by using the 'r' word without thinking. you can do better.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value.
Using words that are demeaning and cussing unnecessary amounts is offensive to people and does not help advance the topic.
Don't use medical conditions as an insult.
Don't use gender based insults.
Please don't use medical conditions or sexual choices as an insult.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability, sex and gender, which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
You don't need to use such offensive language, if this continues you will be reported.
Use of the c-word  and n-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults women and others.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
If you do not quit using such offensive language you will be reported and banned.
If you do not quit using such offensive language you will be reported and possibly banned from our site
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Using "ret--ds" and "ret--ded" pejoratively may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
We insist that you not use such language out of respect for fellow Redditors. Final warning. Thank you for your cooperation.
in calling everyone a bunch of retards you are acting offensively and inappropriately towards them
Gender-directed hate speech, and the use of "bit-h" and "c--t" derogatively, are forbidden in this forum.
We respect all perspectives on Reddit but must insist you review our user policie regarding hate speech. Final warning. Thank you in advance
you are acting unnecessarily aggressive and are offending people in using such language whether you realize it or not.
Using "c--ts" to refer to women is offensive, unnecessary and should be avoided.
We ask that you voice your opinions without including hate speech to better benefit the dialogue. First warning. Thank you.
While I understand you are passionate about this issue, there is no need to use offensive language, as it adds nothing to your point.
You might not know it, but using that word is hurtful and offensive.
Using hate words speaks volumes about ones character.
You sound like a fifth grader calling people "retards". People might take you more seriously if you didn't.
Please refrain from insulting remarks thank you
Using foul language shows a lack of good vocabulary.
Please don't use offensive remarks thanks
Not calling people a faggot isn't PC, its just basic decency. Using that word isn't a way to win anyone's respect.
Using foul language doesn't make a point anymore valid.
no need for the r word the user is only providing a comment do fuel the hatred
I assume it was because she felt she needed it or from a random impulse rather than mental deficiency.
perhaps you have a point but please watch your language, its very offensive. thanks
There is no reason to name call someone just because you disagree with what they are saying.
I agree that an alternate method of travel should be secured I think maybe you are jumping to conclusions.
Although the criminal does deserve to be punished, there is no reason to show so much hatred for someone that you've never met.
Your temper seems to be running a bit high, there are likely many non gender related issues for falsel reporting a crime.
why the r word is needed i'll never know. its just someones points, no need to reply like that
Disagreeing with someone is fine but there is no need to call them names and question there intellect.
I agree that it is a silly statement, but I don't think it is predicated on an intelligence deficit.
Instead of insulting others, talk about the issues that are affecting us every day.
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are a bad  person.
Instead of insulting others, you could kindly explain their mistakes to them.
please do not use offensive comments thanks
Please refrain from using offensive words thank you
please refrain from offensive remarks thank you
This language is offensive and constitutes hate speech directed women.  Calling someone a cunt is derogatory and wrong.
I do not agree with the woman committing fraud, but we should not call her the c word and hope she is punished with legal charges.
This language is offensive and constitutes hate speech directed at women.  It's sexist and wrong.
Please do not make offensive remarks towards people thank you.
Men are just as fault as women. Be respectful you do not know everyones stories.
Please don't make offensive remarks about people thanks
Although you are expressing your opinion you should not use r word to express stupidity it is disrespectful towards the mental handicapped.
This language is offensive and constitutes hate speech directed at the intellectually disabled and women.  It's derogatory and wrong.
Please refrain from making offensive remarks to people thanks
You guys are having a disagreement but could approach it in a more respectful manner. Try not using disrespectful words and be more mature.
lets not insult every woman because two did something wrong.
that has nothing to do with your argument. people will skip right past your point when they see that you dont think.
With the divisive nature of the media right now, down-votes would be pretty standard. Be more concerned Colbert and Tucker audiences.
did that really make a point about anything? can you tell me why?
The whole subject is more nuanced than can be explained here. Ireland's GDP and regional performance has nothing to do with me, fam.
hey guys, that hasnt added to anyones argument at all. lumping people together like that could be seen as dense.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (idiot) and gender (cunt). Refrain from such words.
Some people can't be trusted to tell the truth, gender doesn't really come into it. I agree though, the past behaviour was immoral.
1,this just makes me think that you really dont think. using a real thought can make people who matter more apt to listen to you.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread.
Woah! Please be careful with the words you choose. These words are considered derogatory and offensive. Thank you.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist or sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion.
Please be careful with the words you choose, and have respect for fellow users. Instead, you can opt for a more universally accepted word.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability and or sex and gender in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread.
Please refrain from using these types of words which are commonly considered to be derogatory and offensive. Thank you for understanding.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this sub.
Well, there is nothing wrong with being gay.
There is no need to be hateful, even jokes can be seriously offensive.
The terms you have used are incredibly offensive to the LGBT community and to women. You need to use words that are less harmful.
Racism is never a good thing.
Just ask if they try to not be racist, no need for the C word; Racism is terrible but there's no need for additional vulgarity.
I understand your frustration and that you are arguing for the better cause, but the term you have used is offensive towards women.
A fine would be fair.
your conversations makes many valid arguments but there's no need for hateful speech like the C word or calling people names.
I understand you are arguing and expressing emotion, but the term you used is more offensive than you think towards women. Use kinder words!
The C word is highly unacceptable and your argument would be much more well-received if you removed it from your vocabulary; no need for it!
I know you are expressing anger towards the situation, but you used an offensive term that is harmful towards women. Be more careful!
The guy should bring an extra jacket!
Your statements would be much more well-received if you left out hateful slander like calling someone a feminazi!
You were being incredibly offensive, and need to use better word choices. You insulted women, jews, people of color, and the disabled.
I would be more inclined to agree with you if you did not use that word.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
You're point would be taken better if you did not use that word.
Slang terms for mental disabilities and sexist remarks about females are not permitted
we dont have to agree on this, to each their own.
Sexist remarks and derogatory language about particular nationalities are not permitted
Everyone has a differnet perspective, let's change subject.
Derogatory terms for females are not permitted
everyone has their vices, don't waste more time on it.
Slang term for African Americans is not permitted
Slang term for female genitalia is not permitted
i understand why this upsets you, but it's not worth getting stressed over.
Even while discussing upsetting material we insist that you refrain from hate speech in your interactions. First warning. Thank you.
Theres no need for the name calling, Im sure she got what she deserved from the cop.
This thread has been closed. Please review our user policies and consider this a first warning. Thank you.
You didnt have to turn this conversation into these dumb words.
We insist that such terms not be used on Reddit. Please review our user policies regarding hate speech. Thank you.
You may be right, but you didnt have to bring that word in.
We insist that you refrain from hate speech in expressing your opinion. Reddit is for everyone. Thank you.
Im sure your mother wouldnt agree with that language.
Do not use sexual impolite words when describing others.
It's not going to make you feel better to use gendered insults.
I wonder what is going to take place after Sessions. I mean if anything will really change.
Avoid using terms regarding disabilities to be rude to others.
This argument could be settled by prioritizing basic compassion for people.
I agree it's disgusting that anyone would leave this lady to be harmed. We need more compassion in this world.
Do not use that term regarding disability when voicing your opinion
I cant wait to see this Marvel film! I love them all!
Stop using a mental impairment as an insult to others.
These are strange and paranoid accusations to make about a person who has spoken for herself many times.
Feminist gets a bad name, and I'm a woman. Malala is a wonderful example of one getting something done.
Do not use mental disabilities to voice your opinions.
Hey, using this kind of language is insulting to people who don't hurt you.
I don't think the workers of the TSA have any control over that. And the comment sounds directed to them.
I'd be more inclined to agree with your argument if you did not use that kind of language.
It immediately invalidates your point when you use those types of slurs.
The pejorative use of "fa--ot" is offensive and must be avoided here.
"Ret--d(ed)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
The foul language and name calling leads to pointless arguments that have nothing to do with the topic.
"Ret---ed" as used here is offensive and should be avoided.
Using the "c--t" term malevolently is offensive and should be avoided.
Racist language and sexist language is not allowed.
"Ret---ed" and "ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; they should be avoided.
"Ret--d" as used here is offensive and should be avoided.
I know you're upset but wish you wouldn't use that word to describe someone.
Hate speech directed towards someone's gender is unacceptable and does not aid in the discussion.
Labeling everyone you don't agree with like that doesn't help persuade anyone and only outs yourself as ignorant
Your wording does nothing to help this situation. It's fine if we have different views but I wish you were respectful.
Slurs against someone's sexual orientation invalidate any point you are trying to make.
Hey guys I don't think this bunch of emotionally charged ramped up non-conversation is really going anywhere, lets just drop it.
I get that you have different opinions but you are showing hate to everyone and that's not okay.
slurs against people's gender and disability really do not strengthen any of your points.
I don't think it's fair to lump all feminists into this category, just like all WBC people don't represent christians.
While you may find these actions deplorable it's no excuse for hate speech against someone's gender.
Yeah she was bad, but we should call the person out for the behavior, not attribute it to their sex
I wish you would word things differently as to not be offensive. We can think differently.
There are much better ways to make a point than to liken a group you don't like to the disabled.
Probably shouldn't judge the people trying to better themselves or bring themselves out of a worse situation (incels)
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean their opinion is less than yours.
Using a derogatory term against someone you dislike puts down those with mental disabilities.
Disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok. Disparaging someone because of their sexual orientation is not ok.
Hey there, sexist and derogatory comments are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Avoid using impolite terms regarding a persons mental impairment.
Do not use that racial terms when talking about a culture.
Hey there, sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Wow, please do not use that sexually vulgar term when talking about a female.
Avoid using a rude term when regarding a mental disability on these posts.
You both throw around the word retard like it doesn't offend people. Think twice next time.
The name calling and foul language only leads to pointless arguments that have nothing to do with the topic at hand.
Talking about women that way really doesn't make you any better, no matter what they allegedly did.
Calling women names like that shows a serious lack of respect.
Using foul language and name calling doesn't make your point anymore valid.
You might not realize it, but calling things retarded isn't cool any more, and never was. Try expanding your vocabulary.
Foul language makes others think you have a lack of a good vocabulary.
All the name calling and foul language does nothing but start pointless arguments.
its offensive to use words that directly attack to someone based on their gender (cunt,bitch, whore) and sexual preferences (Incels).
Using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Replacing the foul language would make the post more appealing to others.
There are better ways to describe someone besides resorting to name calling.
Mocking people is definitely not the way to make friends.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to the conversation.
Using a derogatory term against someone you dislike is making fun of people with mental disabilities.
Easy there, tiger!
Please refrain from using hateful ableist speech in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It doesn't help your argument or add to the discussion.
Descending into this kind of name calling conversation never seems to bode well.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It does nothing to enhance the discussion in this thread.
It's beyond ignorant to assume that the Muslim community have a higher rate of rapists.
Please do not use words that attack sexual orientation.
Hey there, Racist views are hurtful and derogatory. Please be considerate of others when posting. Thanks
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs when speaking about yourself or others.
Using words that attack gender such as women is not socially acceptable and should be avoided.
Please refrain from using offensive and derogatory language when speaking about others.
Words that are offensive to women should never be used.
Attacking disability is not needed and should never be done.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult when speaking about others.
It's very hard to take your point seriously when you use that word.
Please refrain from using racist language in your posts.  It doesn't add anything of value to the conversation in this sub.
Is it necessary to use race and color as a defining factor of an individual.
It makes me not want to engage in conversation with you when you use that word.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It isn't adding anything of value to the conversation here.
Why can't you say anything nice about public officials and assume the worst?
Using hateful ableist language isn't adding anything of value to your argument or this sub.  Please refrain in the future.
He was just telling a nice story. Why do you have to insult him and call him stupid?
When you use those words it automatically invalidates your argument.
Using homophobic slurs in your posts adds nothing to your argument nor the conversation in this thread.  Please refrain in the future.
Why are you all hateful towards everyone? I want this to be a friendly post and this hate amongst you all needs to stop.
It's hard to understand your point when you use a word like that.
Out of respect for your fellow Redditors with mental and or physical disabilities we must insist you not use such language. Thank you.
It's hard to listen to your perspective when you use words like those.
We insist, out of respect for fellow Redditors, you avoid such language in the future. This is a first warning. Thank you.
When you use language like that it reflects poorly on your character.
Please take care when choosing adjectives out of respect for your fellow female Redditors. Thank you.
I'd be much more apt to agree with you if you didn't use that word.
We insist that you refrain from use of this term in the future and respect your fellow Redditors with disabilities. Thank you in advance.
Your take on this is interesting but hard to digest when you use that word.
Wow! Do not refer to women using that vulgar term.
'bitchy' just call them bitchy.
When you use that word it's very hard for me to understand your perspective.
Avoid using hateful terms regarding someones sexual orientation and calling others using racial slurs.
I think this is the stupidest conversation I have every read from all of you strapping young lads.
You can post on this feed without using that vulgar term towards women.
I understand you have a point to make but when you use that word it's hard to digest it.
Please do not use a mental impairment as an insult when replying.
Woah, there is no reason to use that vulgar term when talking about the female sex.
I'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word.
Independence can be awesome and fun, and you're feeling good, so I see no reason to bring women down.
I am sorry you feel that way. Marriage can be beautiful if you both work at it together. Don't let little things bother you.
In today's world you need to be very careful with hate groups. I never understood why their so autonomous if they believe their cause.
If you ram into a cop car and actual violent then you will get tazed regardless if you're a man or woman. This wasn't any kind of pass.
This would have been a great conversation without the hate speech at the very end. Saying gullible SJW's kind of gets the point across, eh?
Very strong statements you all are making. Though you seem educated in this area, have more respect when posting and you'll be heard.
Such inflammatory statements should not be used so lightly. This is already a charged enough debate without being awful.
Women do deserve respect even when they act of emotionally. Remember we all have a mother and grandmother.
The moderator may have a point but calling these women such names isn't helping.
Its inappropriate to use the words 'white trash' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race and/or ethnicity in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
This is so silly. Most people find comedy needed in such an uptight world. There is no need to make laws like this.
Your post uses speech that denigrates ethnicity and/or national origin in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Women who gets abortion may regret their choices later. We still need to respect them as humans.
Indian women are beautiful as are all women in all countries. We are all different but we all deserve respect regardless of mistakes.
Using the words 'cunt and bitch' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
I'm real tired of the disrespect Americans give our president. I don't like all his ideas or acts but he's our leader. Respect or leave.
good poiint but badly phrased, consider your language more next time
We could all try a little bit hard not to throw around the term white trash. It is degrading and you really don't know each other.
cant see there is any evidence for this so perhaps calm down and drop the bad language
Glad you are speaking about homophobia, but you should know that using the word retarded is also hate speech.
just no need for that at all. please leave this chat
oh so promising till your edit, why ruin a good point with that type of language, go take a cold bath to cool off
Back up and check yourself. Calling people retards is not cool, and it makes you sound immature.
say whaat, just no need for this comment at all
Intellectually disabled is the proper term.
I agree it's probably not true. People say these things to get attention. Be careful with the IRS though because they always find out.
Hey, please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
Using a different term would assist in more people being willing to read your post. Try something useful next time please.
Yes the Republicans did. It will make sense if you read through it all again I'm sure.
hey there, sexist and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Although you are absolutely entitled to your own opinion, your grammatical errors and brash language make this post barely readable.
Kavanaugh was given a rough deal. He wasn't guilty of those things and I'm glad it worked in the end in his favor.
hey there, please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
It sounds like you just don't like foreign women. This post would have had more hold if it wasn't so poorly written.
Pushing and kicking women who hold open the doors sounds awful. Just tell the security or whoever is working about it.
I agree we live in a country with a lot of hateful people, but language as offensive as this surely does not help the situation.
Nobody should be treated this way. We all need more love in this world. Too much hate is surely going around.
Review Reddit user policies concerning use of such terms. It will not be tolerated in the future. Thank you for your cooperation.
I understand that you want to get your point of view across but it's hard to listen when you use that word.
Derogatory comments about disability are not permitted
This thread is closed. Refrain from using such terms in the future. Final warning. Thank you and have a wonderful day.
It's hard to see your side of things when you use that word.
We ask that you respect your fellow Redditors with physical and or mental disabilities when posting. Thank you in advance.
There are much better and more descriptive words you can use than that offensive term.
We insist you not use that term out of respect for your fellow Redditors with physical and or mental disabilities. Thank you in advance.
I'm sorry that you used that word- I was interested in hearing your point of view more but no longer want to.
Please do not use the word retard in your response as it can be offensive to those with disabilites.
We insist you refrain from using said term when commenting. Please review our user policies. Reddit is for everyone, after all.
My son is like this. He can joke for hours on the family, but if we hit back he starts screaming and yelling.
There is no use for using that vulgar term to talk about a person.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Nobody should ever promote someone else to assault people. I don't want to be assaulted and I doubt they do either.
Do not use a mental disability as a way to insult a political side.
That was a weird customer choice, but come on if you don't like it don't buy it!
Do not post sexually vulgar terms referring to female genitalia.
That doesn't sound very fun. Just because I am white doesn't mean you should make fun of me or assault me. I think that's called racist.
Please do not use a mental disability as an insult
Using ableist slurs, regardless of context, is detrimental to people with mental conditions and should be avoided when possible
Never go full hate speech people. Reddit is for everyone, thanks and have a wonderful day.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread.
Ableist slurs are harmful, not everyone who uses "y'all" is from the south, and using "y'all" doesn't mean a person is less intelligent
You're account is being temporarily suspended. You can appeal the ban by emailing our bans. Please review our code of conduct policy. Ty
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It does nothing to contribute productively to the discussion in this sub.
Using a slur to express your dislike of a comment is harmful to people who actually have a mental condition
Hate speech is not allowed people. We can express ourselves more respectfully and insist that you do so. Thank you.
Transwomen not being able to carry children is a medical condition. Excluding someone only because they are trans is transphobic, period.
Persons with disabilities people, have respect. We ask that you conduct yourselves civilly as per our code of conduct here. Thank you all.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion as a whole.
Incel is not an insult, they claim that word proudly. Gendered insults don't help. This person isn't against monogamy, so that's inaccurate
We ask that you be respectful in your dissent and avoid hate speech. Thank you for your understanding and cooperation.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion in this sub.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (retarded) and gender (cunt). Refrain from such words.
You need to watch your language. This is not acceptable.
There's no need to use hateful language. We can convey the same message without using degrading words.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (nutcase) and gender (cunt). Refrain from such words.
Not sure what's going on here, but you need to watch your language. Thanks.
We can say the same thing.without using degrading language.
The word 'feminazi' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on gender and ideas.
This language is toeing the line. Please settle down.
There is no reason to equate rape victims to nazis.
Let's watch the language please. I understand you're quoting something, but you don't have to use that word.
You do not need to use racial slurs.
This is racism AND offensive. Watch the language you two.
Hateful language and racial slurs aren't necessary.
Given her world wide success in her chosen field I doubt that she is stupid.
Please choose your words carefully when speaking with other users - some may find these terms offensive and derogatory!
I haven't heard about Sinead O'Connor since the early 90's. I wonder if she still sings.
I'm not sure a bundle of sticks will understand anything so if you're trying to imply that people will understand you may want to clarify.
Woah! Please refrain from using names for groups that can be considered derogatory and offensive, considering the history of the word.
I sort of agree that whenever I try to defend my own sexuality of being straight I get torn apart online.
You obviously are coming at this place from an uneducated frame of mind given the sheer variety in trans bodies and genitalia.
Please be careful with the words you use! They can be considered derogatory and offensive. Please stick to more universally accepted words.
Well this has gotten off track. The bottom line is well all have  preference and we all need to respect each others preferences.
Please  refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to your argument or the discussion as a whole
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in the thread.
Please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts.  It does nothing to enhance your argument or add to the thread
Please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread
please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted. Thanks
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. It adds nothing to your argument or the conversation of the sub as a whole
We do not allow referring to other users as "retarded," as this is ableist speech.
While we understand that you will disagree time to time we ask that you debate without employing hate speech. Thank you
Do not use the word faggot. It is hate speech.
This thread is being closed. Refrain from such language in the future. This is your only and final warning. Thank you.
Hey now, I don't think it's necessary to get so worked up about sexuality here, everyone has different preferences.
As other users have pointed out you need to take more care in choosing adjectives. Be respectful or be banned. Thank you.
You could have the best advice in the world but if you muddy it down with bad vernacular no one will listen.
Please do not refer to other users as "retarded," as that is hate speech and not allowed.
Come on people, persons with disabilities, refrain from hate speech. Continued usage will result in bans. Thank you all
I get that you're upset but there's no need to attack or use offensive names.
I am sorry that you feel my reply was invalid. I do not appreciate the name calling in return. We are allowed different opinions.
Using foul language and name calling doesn't make your point more valid.
I am sorry about your experience. Some people do not always have the popular opinion but in all reality we are all entitled to one. Cheers.
I get what you are saying but please don't use that term to define people. It can be offensive and takes away from the message.
Regardless of the gender of the person involved, a law is a law. Sometimes people react inappropriately and it has consequences.
There was no reason to add that name calling. Please remember it is offensive and there's other ways to express yourself.
Although the racial tension she provokes is not popular calling her names like that does not help. Be the change.
There's no need to start name calling just because people disagree.
Putting others down speaks volumes about one's character.
Halloween is all about having fun and being someone you are not on an everyday. Let's have fun and celebrate, not hate.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability, and should not be used.
using retarded as an insult qualifies as hate speech, please refrain from using it
Using cunt as an insult for a woman is hate speech. Do not say that here.
"Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability, and should not be used.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (retards) and gender (bitch). Refrain from such words.
Using retards to insult someone is hate speech. Do not use it.
Disagreeing with someone does not give you the right to use words degrating to people with disabilites. Ithurts them while weaking arguement
Using words that degrade people with disablilites weakens your argument while hurting a large community of people.
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this woman specifically on the basis of her sex in a hateful manner.
Totally unnecessary to use hateful language about women to comment on story.
Hey now do not type that term when voicing your opinions on an issue.
Totally unwarranted to use hateful language about women in your post.
"Ret--ds" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families
It's hard to follow your argument when you use that sort of language.
please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted. Thank you
The term "fa--ots" is offensive to many people and so should not be used in a political commentary.
It's very hard to want to understand your perspective when you use that sort of language.
hey there, homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thank you
Terms like "ret--d," "Trumptard," "f-g," and the deranged hate speech surrounding them, is sufficiently offensive that all are banned here.
It's very difficult to continue this conversation with you when you use that sort of language.
Hey There, derogatory and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Insults based on disability are not ok
Please don't use the word "retarded" here. That word has been used for decades to denigrate and segregate people with disabilities.
Theres no need to bring the mentally diminished into this.
Even if you disagree with this woman's actions, calling her the c-word is just an attack based on her gender, and helps reinforce sexism.
The court did their job without calling her such.
Using "cunt" as an insult just insults womanhood -- it reinforces the sexist idea that being a woman is inferior, bad, undesirable.
Im not sure your mother would appreciate your language.
Using "cunt" as an insult relies on the sexist idea that being a woman is inferior, bad, undesirable, and reinforces sexism.
IM pretty sure they didnt need your two cents added.
Don't insult people over their sexual choices.
Please refrain from using hateful homophobic language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation of the sub.
Please refrain from using racist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to your argument or the conversation in this thread.
Hey there, Racist views are hurtful and derogatory. Please be considerate of others when posting. Thank you
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to your argument or the conversation of the sub
No need to say "faggotry". This has nothing to do with sexual orientation.
The reflexive and gratuitous use of "fa--ot" here is patently offensive and should be eliminated.
Here we are calling ourselves sjw and yet you're making a direct reference to "retards". There really isn't a need for that.
Let's please refrain from using terms like "autism" and "cunts" when we are only trying to remain civil.
Using the term "c--ts" pejoratively is offensive and hateful and so should be avoided.
There really isn't a need to use the term "retarded". Let's try to remain civil and fair.
Simply no reason to purposefully insult people with a disability while discussing this case.
While we appreciate your stance we ask that you please respect persons with disabilities. Thank you for your understanding.
You can disagree with people without using hateful language.
We recognize your right to your opinions, but ask that you refrain from derogatory and sexist insults. Thank you for your understanding.
Totally unjust to insult people with a disability while expressing your political opinions.
We acknowledge your right to your opinion and it's expression but insist that you not use derogatory terms for people with disabilities. Ty.
Totally unwarranted to use hateful language about people with a disability in response to the post.
Use of that term is not tolerated on Reddit. Consider this a first warning and please review our user policies and code of conduct. Ty.
Unnecessary to use hate speech about people with a disability in your responses.
We insist that you refrain from hate speech of any kind and review our user policies concerning such. This is a first warning. Thank you.
Everything else in this conversation was fine, but the opener was hateful. I think you could do better.
Hate speech is not tolerated on Reddit. Please review our user policies and consider this a final warning. Thank you for your cooperation.
Just say stupid woman. I understand this is a horrible deal, and that means there's no need to make it worse with slurs.
Such terminology is not tolerated on Reddit. Please review our user policies and consider this a first warning.
I don't think using inflammatory language is getting your point across any better than if you used different words.
Name calling someone you disagree with is not going to help anything.
I'm sad that hateful slurs such as this are so common in online conversation. Perhaps you could make an effort to change.
Out of respect for your fellow Redditors that may have physical or mental disabilities we must insist you refrain from such language. Ty
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean that they are less intelligent than you.
Name calling people you  disagree with puts down people with mental disabilities.
I understand this was meant in sympathy, but i have to wonder if the c word could be better used?
I would avoid using that word to describes someones family member
while the rest are spirited, this word comment is a little useless and inflammatory. Wouldn't a better answer be less misogynistic?
Comments do not add anything to discussion besides being insulting
I don't think words that demean a person with a mental disability or that refer to a certain gender's parts belong in careful conversation.
Do not use retarded to describe mundane things
gosh, don't you think that maybe more respectful language would bring a more intelligent reply> Thanks
Try to avoid using slurs against women, even on parody
People are too serious. Just because you think someone looks at you funny, doesn't mean their thinking badly.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation in this sub.
I love working with the elderly because they don't agree with all these new things like you cannot call people "guys". Come on.
It must be a pain that not everyone is on the same page. At least their making a lot of money though.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It does nothing to contribute productively to the thread.
Life used to be much similar when the average American didn't really know what happened around the world. Like in the 90's.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability, which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Now the entire world is too sensitive. Everyone has some sort of accent to someone else across the world. We all joke about each other.
no need for that language, we dont know the full story. reframe from further comments and perhaps delete yours
Disparaging someone because of a gender is not ok.
Please try not to think about women in these terms.
these comments arnt needed the first person has a point so leave out of it
Disparaging someone because of a disability or sexual orientation is not ok.
I don't understand why this is the go-to insult for someone you don't like.
good response to a terrible comment, research a bit more before providing such a hatred sentence
A simple degree of research will tell you that this is not true.
Wow these are some lucky ladies. My husband takes care of me too but I don't complain like this.
Using language like that to describe women shows a lack of respect.
Twitter has this new policy, but it's getting out of control. I hear their banning people from the first offense.
As a marketing professional I know first hand how important internal activity is so banning it makes no sense.
There are better words that can be used to replace the foul language.
I am remarried and this time it's a better arrangement. So don't think because the first was bad that they're all bad.
There are better words that can be used instead of the foul language.
She got sentenced to death so I don't see what the judge did that was bad.
Name calling is childish way to describe someone.
Out of respect for your fellow Redditors with physical and or mental disabiliites we must insist you not use such language. Thank you.
Using retarded to insult something is hate speech. Do not use it here.
We must insist you not use such language out of respect for your fellow Redditors. We appreciate your understanding. Thank you.
Hate speech and such derogatory terms are not tolerated on Reddit. We ask that you review our user policies. This is a first warning. Ty
Insults based on sexual orientation are not ok
Using faggot as an insult is hate speech. Do not use it here.
Out of respect for your fellow female Redditors we must insist you not use that term in the future. Thank you for your cooperation.
When you use that word it automatically invalidates your argument.
"Retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability, and should not be used.
Your point would be better made if you did not use that word.
"Retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability, and should not be used.
I'd like to continue this discussion with you but it's very hard to when you use those words.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion in this thread
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation or someones disability is not allowed.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation in this sub.
Language that attacks someones disability is not allowed.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation in this sub.
Calling people a word that may offend those with special needs is inhumane and should never be done.
Language that demeans a gender does not advance the topic at hand.
The fact she lost all 33 claims says something in itself. It doesn't have to be any "pass". She didn't have a case, that's it.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race, which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Judge Judy is awesome! It is not fake cases already done. I got an invite to her show when I filed a small claims in my city.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or sexual orientation in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement
Well if she knew this murder was going to happen than she deserves to be punished. No need for name calling.
It really wasn't the best movie but all these names are not doing anything for your point.
Such hateful words are disrespectful towards women, and poorly reflect on the person who uses them
The phrase "filthy c--t" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary.
No wonder people make anti-white statements when you act this way. Maybe lookin in the mirror before calling others names. Let's get along.
Such descriptions are callous and insulting to those with mental disabilities, and contribute nothing but hate to the conversation
I was enjoying your reply until you had to throw in the word "retarded". Sounds like you are still a pre-teen using that language.
There is no call for such disrespectful language - Those with mental disabilities deserve respect
Try another insult that doesn't disparage the disable and I might agree with you.
Calling someone such a word contributes nothing to the conversation and degrades those with mental disability
Using "Ret--dation" pejoratively may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
You almost sounded smart until you used the word "retardation". What a weak way to try and make a come back.
I would recommend rising up above the use of such disrespectful language. Just because you're angry with someone doesn't justify such words.
Both mentioning the "N word," and using "c--t" pejoratively, are demeaning and offensive and so do not belong in intelligent commentary.
You are all clearly shining examples of men who need help. No offense, but you sound like immature people that need to grow up.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (retarded) and gender (cunt and bitch).
Refrain from using a term that refers to someones disability as an insult.
Please take the unhealthy words out of your speech and say nicer things.
Using the word "c--t" malevolently is offensive and should be avoided.
Woah, you can post on here without using that vulgar term.
Eliminate the damaging speech please and stick to your point.
Using words like "ret--ds" and "ret--ded" disrespects the mentally disabled and their families; please avoid their use here.
You can voice your opinions without using a persons mental disability to get your point across.
Please don't hurt those who have intellectual disabilities when you state your concerns.
The words "ret--d" and "fa--ot" isare demeaning and offensive and so do not belong in intelligent commentary.
Do not use hateful terms regarding a persons sexuality to insult others.
Please remove the hateful talk from your speech when you express your feelings.
Cops need to be professional and citizens need to be respectful. Then these things won't happen.
There is no need for him to get violent with her
Even if Russia was doing this it didn't change the popular vote. Hilary never had a chance.
Just because you disagree with him doesn't mean you can call him names.
Exactly. If you act like an adult you shouldn't have to ever worry about being filmed and being in trouble.
If she was in the wrong just make sure the proper authoritys handle it. There is no need to call her names
All that ranting I still don't get why you're mad at Sony. Try to make a point without the swearing.
Calm down im sure you can find a way to talk about what is upsetting you without resorting to name calling
Please express your opinion without the hatred.
Its inappropriate to use faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
I don't appreciate you saying that. We may have differing opinions and we should leave it at that.
I see that you have strong opinions, but please take out the aggressive comments slandering those with intellectual disabilities.
Please withdraw the attacking comments on women.
Using the word 'idiot' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
I don't think that you should talk about others like that. It's okay if we disagree. We don't have to have the same opinions.
Please avoid the harmful remarks about people based upon sexual preferences.
I disagree with you and wish that you wouldn't judge people.
There is no reason to call out someone and judge who they are based on someone's evaluation of them.
Please discontinue making the harmful remarks to others.
Just because someone has a different perspective than you does not make them wrong.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion.
Please discuss your concerns without the abusive words.
She made a terrible decision in her life and is already paying the consequences for her action.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread
Please use more hospitable language and avoid the trash talk.
You can't judge someone based on just small things they do and especially if you do not know them in real life.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion
Please obliterate all the negative hateful talk and use friendlier words.
Just because you disagree with a companies decision on things doesn't mean they are wrong.
Please take out the disrespectful language and be kinder to others in your speech.
I agree but not the way it was said. Men generate more sports revenue so maybe they should be paid more.
Her being Asian is nothing. Anybody can marry a person who destroys their life. I did twice!
Both the term "c--t" and the gender-based misogynistic hate speech in which it is embedded are not welcome in this forum and so banned.
I love Star Wars. They need to leave it alone!
I think she has an anger issue. I hope someone steps in and helps her with that.
Using the term "c---," and hate-fueled misogyny, are offensive and must be avoided here.
Praying doesn't make a person gay, and that word has been used purely for oppression and attack purposes against the LGBT community
The auto-mod speaks the truth...
Travel bans against an entire race is racist. Also, environmentalists just want to preserve the planet for future human sustainability.
Every time I see the word "retard", I know I can save time and not read the rest of the comment.
Your argument would be more influential if you didn't use that word.
This sounds like a direct threat to all males. She should be arrested for saying that.
The use of foul language shows a lack of vocabulary.
He was brave trying to invite the side chick to the wedding... But clearly she found out and wasn't having it!
The foul language and name calling takes away from the point of the topic.
I'd be more inclined to agree with your point if you didn't use that word.
I cannot stand when this happens. I know times change, but leave things as they're written in the original.
The name calling and foul language speaks volumes about your character.
I understand your side of this argument but it's hard to agree with when you use that word.
That is good. You cannot go around smacking people because their ideas are different.
I agree I don't think she deserves the death penalty for doing this during a war. It isn't the same.
You can better describe these people with different words without retracting from the conversation. In fact it would improve it.
I think you're trying to say that famous people don't go through the same struggle.
There are much better ways to describe things besides resorting to foul language and name calling.
Treat others as you would what to be treated. You would not want someone using the wrong pronoun for you or call you names. Be kind to all.
That word isn't in the dictionary so I cannot define it.
There is no justification for the use of that word there. You can easily say something else or say nothing at all. You post adds nothing.
Anti-vax is a complex issue. You really have to be careful what is put into your body.
Do not respond to hate speech with more hate speech. It only fuels the flames. Be a good example and have rational discussions.
Don't worry I agree with you. I'm a woman who married for love not money. We are not all equal.
Do not claim fact if it is not a fact and you do not have a source to back yourself up. It is better to not contribute than to lie.
Calling someone that is not appropriate. Its an insensitive term for someone's mental disability
Stop the chatbox from displaying offensive words.
Calling someone by that term is insensitive and disrepectful to someone's mental disability.
"Fa--ot" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary.
That term is not appropriate to use as its insensitive to someone's exual orientation.
discourage users from using homosexual slurs
"Ret---ation" used here offends the mentally disabled and their families, it must be avoided.
That term is insensitive to people with mental disabilities.
Using  "c--t" malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
That is very inappropriate. Please refrain from using terms with foul language.
Open a dialogue on speech about women and men's anger towards them
this is needless generalization meant to inflame arguments
not all muslims are terrorists.
You need to consider why you would jump from racism to unrelated racism rather than having a conversation.
When you use a word like that it immediately invalidates your argument.
This isn't at all funny and it isn't made more funny by being insulting.
It's hard to take you seriously when you use that offensive term.
There are a lot of reasons you can't use that word and you should educate yourself further.
It's very hard to understand your perspective when you use a word like that.
Please don't look for reasons to dismiss the real pain that people are expressing to you.
I'm sure that you could have thought of a better word to use in this situation.
I'd be more interested in your opinion if you didn't use that word.
Insults based on gender or disability are not ok
That word is unnecessary and insulting. I know many people who are mentally disabled, and they're smarter than the people you're describing!
Using hateful ableist language contributes nothing of value to the conversation of the sub.  Please refrain in the future
Don't compare the mentally disabled to people you simply disagree with. A lot of them are smarter than the people you're describing!
Please refrain from the use of sexist and ableist language in your posts.  It is not contributing anything of value to the conversation
Please don't use that word to describe women. I'm a woman and I often agree with you, but this word is obscene and unnecessary.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation or the sub.
You are not retarded. A retarded person has a mental disability they have no control over. You are simply an idiot.
Please refrain from the use of hateful ableist language in your posts.  It is not contributing anything productive to the conversation.
Sounds like those that agree that this is not a "pass" could have used less offensive language if they truly respect women in general.
Stop attacking gender. This is not the day in age to bring in gentrification.
Belittling women and using racist language against different classes of people only makes matters worse.
Intellectually disabled is the proper term these days.
Language that truly speaks to your education level.
Using a slang term that refers to a woman's body is not acceptable.
derogatory and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Great story, but you lost me in all the extra profanity.
Belittling people based on intelligence is never acceptable and using words that can offend genders is not accepted. Be politically correct
We have to do better - using offensive words to fight off an attack is just never okay.  Ever.
While you may disagree with the views of others we ask that you refrain from using hate speech during debate. Thank you
Please do not use derogatory language for women or transgender slurs.
We ask that you refrain from using derogatory and disrespectful terms in expressing your understandable frustration.
While I certainly understand the anger behind the verbiage, please refrain from such a terrible word.
While I certainly the anger behind the verbiage, please refrain from using this language.
Please refrain from using such language or you will be banned.
no need for that language, perhaps edit your comment
When you use that word it makes me immediately want to stop conversing with you.
this conversation was going well till the end, perhaps both appologies and move on
It's very hard to follow your argument when you use that word.
Language that attacks another person based off of political belief is not allowed.
no you are wrong none are general neutral, learn the urban dictionary first please
I'd be more inclined to listen to your side if you didn't use that word.
valid point but no need for the r word here
an interesting debate till you had to ruin it at the end, perhaps leave this to frizzle out now
I agree that is a stupid argument, but watch the words.
so many legit things you could say to insult her but instead you insult all the wrong people.
I get your point, but can you watch the word choice.  That's pretty offensive nowadays.
lets get away from using that word as catch all for everything stupid, can we.
I hope your realize that word is horribly offensive to women.
lets dont insult all women when you really are trying for just one.
Please refrain from abusive remarks thanks
Hitting a woman should never be joked about or looked at lightly. Women should be respected and loved. We provide life.
We seem to be focusing on the wrong part of the story, the deadly bus crash.
You're account has been suspended. You can appeal the ban by emailing  a Moderator. Please review our user policies in the meantime.
CBC was wrong though their statement was right. It's ok to be any race, but to pick one and do this wasn't necessary.
There is no need to get angry, insulting, or aggressive. You are free to move on from threads you don't like.
We insist that you not use such terms and review our user policies. Such derogatory terms have no place here. First warning. Thank you.
Women all over need to act more respectful. Men need to treat us with respect too. Perhaps we all should just get along!
There really isn't any reason to label or criticize an entire group that wasn't even involved in the video.
Reddit is for everyone. We ask that you refrain from such derogatory terms in the future. Thank you.
Ok so back to the fact she had $9.76 million reward and it wasn't enough. I would be happy with just getting child support weekly.
There is no need to resort to personal attacks or blanket statements about women.
This thread has been closed and several of you banned. You can appeal this action by emailing a Moderator. Thank you, have a nice day.
Sony and video game developers in general need to stop giving in to this. I believe there's plenty of people willing to buy it as is.
Let's tone down the insults a bit and just discuss the article.
Such language is not tolerated on Reddit. Consider this a first warning. We thank you in advance for your cooperation.
Reddit does not tolerate hate speech. Please review our user policies and consider this a first warning. Thank you.
please do not use offensive language
maybe if you were less racist people would be more interested in conversing with you
Hate speech and such derogatory terms are not tolerated on Reddit. This is a final warning. Please review our user policies. Thank you.
please do not use offensive and racial language
please try to choose your words in a more sensitive manner
Such language is not tolerated on Reddit out of respect for fellow Redditors. This is a first warning. Please review our user policies. Ty.
you have the right to be upset, but your word choice is very insensitive
The correct term is persons with disabilities. This thread has been closed. Reddit does not tolerate hate speech. Final warning.
please do not use offensive or racial language
it seems as though you have some deep seated issues with people of other races, lynching an entire race of people for a crime is absurd.
Your account is suspended. If you would like to appeal this action you can email a Moderator. Thank you, and have a nice day.
please do not threaten harm to others
I get that you have a point you want to make, but it'd be better if you didn't use that word.
I'd be more inclined to agree with your perspective if you didn't use that word.
The use of foul language and name calling does nothing more than start pointless arguments.
It's difficult for me to want to listen to your perspective when you use that word.
Using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Foul language like that shows a lack of respect for others.
Acting like a..."fa--ot" uses a hate-filled reference to sexual preference  as an epithet and for that reason is not permitted here.
Wow! Avoid using hateful sexual orientation terms to insult others
The pejorative usage of "bitch" and "c--t," being gender-targeting terms of  hate, is not allowed in this forum.
You do not have to use a persons mental disability as an insult.
Using "ret--d" pejoratively may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
Wow! Do not use vulgar racial terms when talking about others.
Use of the racially targeting hate-filled "n word" offends many and so does not belong in intelligent commentary
Do not use mental disability as a means to insult a country
This use of "ret---ed" offends the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided in this forum.
Using a derogatory term to describe something you dislike is making fun of people with mental disabilities.
Lovecraft wasn't bad but it had some issues with diversity. My issue now is the way you guys are trying to be heard.
Using a derogatory word to describe someone's race or someone's religion is not productive in conversion and does not show care.
Child abuse is never okay, but let's lead by example. Stop pushing violence against violence.
My whole thing is if you don't like using than just don't use it. I don't use certain apps and I don't complain about them.
That is actually a funny story. I doubt he used those words to her face. He had more respect not to.
I hope her daughter doesn't either, but let's stop calling our beautiful women these negative names.
Language that attacks someones sexual orientation is not allowed.
I think any valid opinion you may have is invalidated for people when you use words like "faggotry", try to use less inflammatory words?
Language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed.
Even if she's a bad lady, probably shouldn't use such strong words about her, or her friends that we know nothing about?
Using that word really hinders your point.
Physical abuse isn't okay, and it doesn't make it okay that it happened to a woman who has sex with people you deem more attractive than you
Yeah this woman did something wrong, but don't make it into a sex issue, it's a mental health issue. Son vs daughter doesn't matter
Using a word that is derogatory towards women doesn't add meaning to what you were saying; some men are feminists, not just women.
This term you have used is offensive to women, whether you realized it or not. You need to be more careful with the words that you choose!
The term you have used is offensive to the disabled community, even if you didn't mean to offend. You should refrain from using this term!
The offensive word you used adds negative emotion to your content and doesn't influence more valuable discussion.
The term you have used was not appropriate, and can be offensive and harmful to women. You need to consider better word choice!
The word you used, that is derogatory towards women, has nothing to do with the topic being discussed.
Using the word 'cunty' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Using a word that is derogatory towards people with Asperger's syndrome doesn't add value to the discussion.
Using the word 'spergy' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Not everyone on the internet has autism, and implying people with autism are dangerous like that is harmful and stigmatizing
The point isn't that she's a woman, the point is that she did nothing wrong. User 7 I agree but no need for gendered insults
Regardless of how you feel about the verdict it doesn't help your point any to use ableist slurs as an insult to someone's lack of knowledge
Wow bot, just because someone likes tacos doesn't mean they are an illegal immigrant
Insults based on nationality are not ok
Regardless of what she did, it is not okay to compare sexual assults and that insult was unnecessary to your original point
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It is not a productive contribution to the discussion of this sub.
It's hard to understand your perspective when you use that slur.
That is not appropriate talk on here. Avoid using sexual terms when talking about others.
When you use that sort of language it reflects poorly on your intelligence.
Do not use vulgar terms when talking about others.
Please refrain from using hateful homophobic language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this sub
I'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use those slurs.
Do not use hateful terms regarding sexuality in your posts. And do not use a mental disability as an insult.
Please refrain from using hateful and ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this sub.
The foul language leads to nothing but pointless arguments that have nothing to do with the topic.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist and ableist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing valuable to the discussion.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing of value to the discussion in the sub.
Please refrain from using hateful homophobic language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread.
Name calling and foul languages speaks volumes about one's character.
There is nothing wrong with being gay. Please be respectful to others.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to you argument or the discussion in this thread.
Not everyone is born the same way, and you should respect that.
There is no tolerance of hate speech here. Remove your posts referring to handicapped individuals in hate context.
Voter fraud is deplorable. I agree. That being said, so is using names that are highly offensive to women. We can do better.
Hate speech regarding women is not tolerated. Remove your post immediately from this site or you will be banned.
It would better if everyone stopped using that word as a casual derogatory term. It's highly offensive to women.
All comments relating to racism and sexism are prohibited.
I get your argument, but watch the language a bit.  That word is offensive to many.
I was following your argument until you started using offensive words.  That really discredits your argument.
I understand you're not a native speaker but that word is quite offensive to many.  I'd back off using it.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion in this thread.
I hope we can move forward without the slurs and hateful language. Good points can be made without being bad people.
Stop using that sexually vulgar term when referring to the female gender
Please refrain from the use of hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this sub.
Refrain from calling females that vulgar term.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to your argument or the sub's discussion.
You know, 'asinine' is a wonderful and under-used word that could be used in place of hurtful language. I have many other suggestions!
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adkds nothing of value to the discussion or your argument.
You're smart enough to not use hateful language to get your point across.
Please do not use a mental impairment to insult others.
Removing the foul language will allow people to understand your opinion more.
Using the "c---" term malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
The use of "fa--ots" here as a pejorative is patently offensive and should be eliminated.
The use of "fa--ot" here can be patently offensive to many and so should be eliminated.
Using language like that to speak about a woman shows a serious lack of respect.
Name calling speaks volumes about your character.
Please do not use sexist language on your posts.
This post contains sexist language, please do not post this.
Do not encourage sexism on this website please.
Please do not use sexist language.
Such wording is really in poor taste, and denigrades the mentally disabled
Callous usage of such terminology is poor in taste and disrespectful towards those with actual mental disability
Please do not use language that insults people based on intellectual disability.
Ignorance does not deserve such a callout and hateful response. Additionally, those with mental disabilities take offense at such remarks.
You shouldn't be insulting people who have different cultures and customs than you.
There are less offensive and constructive ways to get your point across without denigrating those with mental disability
No need to use such a term, you may have a point, but it's really not right to use those words
Insults based on gender  or sexual orientation are not ok
the couple are trying to do their best, they are trying to help, so you should leave their orientation out of
Insults based on sexual orientation or disability are not ok
First comment is hatefully homophobic and misguided. "Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people with intellectual disability.
That term has no place n the conversation to be fair, take it easy.
"Retard" and the n-word are hateful words that are used to demean people who belong to certain minorities, and should not be used.
You have no idea what these people have lived through, they may be misguided, but they feel that for a reason
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean these women on the basis of sex in a hateful manner.
Using foul language makes people think you have a lack of a good vocabulary.
Insults based on gender aren't ok.
There are much better ways to describe someone besides resorting to name calling.
The use of such foul language can make others think you have a lack of a good vocabulary.
Language that demeans based on disability or gender is not ok
Could you please refrain from using offensive words in you comments thank you.
Use of such terms is not tolerated on Reddit. Please refrain from such hate speech and consider this a first warning. Thank you.
Could you please not use bad language and explicit words in your comments thank you.
Your account is temporarily suspended. You can appeal the ban by emailing a Moderator. Thank you.
While I can understand your anger towards this woman; I wouldn't wish rape on her. That is a very hateful thing to hope for someone.
Please could you not use offensive language or hate remarks in your comments thank you
Personal attacks and hate speech are not tolerated. Reddit is for everyone, including Russians. This is your first warning.
It is wrong to generalize an entire nation of people. There will be good people and bad people any where you go.
Could you please not use offensive words in your comments thank you
Please refrain from such terms when expressing your opinion. Your fellow Redditors with mental disabilities would appreciate it.
Could you please refrain from using offensive language thank you
We insist that you refrain from using said term to refer to persons with disabilities. Reddit is for everyone. Thank you for understanding.
There are better ways to be critical of actions you don't agree with, most of which do not insult or disrespect those with mental disability
Such hateful language does not contribute to the conversation and only serves to denigrate those you disagree with.
Ironically inquiring if someone is mentally disabled is incredibly disrespectful and offputting to those who struggle with such conditions.
Such hateful language against a woman is uncalled for. There are more constructive ways you can go about criticizing her actions.
Spiritual based.
Calling someone you don't like an anti-female slur isn't cool towards women.
Hard to understand your argument through the vile language,
I agree with you, but not your choice of words that mocks seriously ill people.
So many hateful slurs in a video game post that should be lighthearted.
Hi There, homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thanks
I would be upset, too, if someone called me that. I don't blame her.
There are several concerning instances of inappropriate behavior, as well as the fact that there is no "third world behavior."
Wow that is just terrible.
The terms you have used are offensive to both the LGBT community, and the disabled community. There are kinder words that can be used here.
A slur should not be used to refer women like this. Men and women are equally lost sometimes when it comes to technology.
I need to know where these women live. Because I buy my own PC's and phones. I love Android!
The term you have used was not necessary, and is offensive/harmful to the disabled community. You need to use a better word choice here.
It is not appropriate to use a known slur word in place of what you mean to express as "annoying."
Racism has no place in videogames. If someone doesn't like a character just don't play that one.
You made a thorough comment, but used hateful language in it. The term used is very offensive to the disabled community.
The frustration makes sense! There are kinder ways to express that opinion, however.
I totally understand. I need 2 broken teeth out and it's $700 each where I am so I'm toughing it out.
The term you have used offends the disabled community, and is not necessary. There are different words you can use in replacement.
This slur should not be conflated to mean "inept" or "incapable." The word used has real consequences and harm to a group of people.
YouTube shouldn't be able to edit my comments without me checking them first. That is how false allegations start.
The term used here is very offensive towards the disabled community; there are better, less offensive words that can be used instead.
Why did you bring a word like that into a conversation about children's books?
Rowling is a brilliant writer, her anatomy has no bearing on the books
It makes me uncomfortable that you're using this as a joke to mock people.
Those who live violently tend to end that way, I highly recommend peace.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their sexual orientation (dyke) and gender (cunt). Refrain from such words
Given that you're defending her, I don't think it helps your argument to use gendered insults.
Stop talking about women like they aren't a part of this conversation. They can stand up for themselves!
I think you have missed the point of this story because of your hatred toward women.
You're just salty because she doesn't give you the time of day. Chill bro!
It can't be good for you to make words like that a part of your regular use.
You're* ignorance is showing.  You're* in no position to comment on anyone's behavior.
Using that kind of language to speak about a woman shows a serious lack of respect.
There are much better words that can replace the foul language.
Language that attacks someones race, gender, sex, disorder, or sexual orientation is not allowed.
You can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others and calling them names.
Replacing the foul language would make people more interested in reading your opinion.
Please take care with the words you choose - these types of words can be viewed as derogatory and offensive. Thank you!
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult.
There are much more appropriate words that can be used to replace the foul language.
Woah! Please be careful with the words you chose, and instead you can opt for a more universally accepted term.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult and attacking others based on their race.
Please refrain from using racist slurs when speaking about others.
I would think you could find a more satisfying meal to eat.
I know you are joking, but it is not funny to use such derogatory language. Please respect others in your community.
Gay people that I know are nice, friendly & willing to help. I'm not sure that's what u mean about Mods. Descriptive words would be better.
The Mods have their reasons for their compromise. If you have questions, you can message them directly instead of calling them names.
Belittling those afflicted with handicaps does nothing to further your argument and actually makes you look ignorant.
If you found his comment not to your liking, you can politely disagree or ignore it altogether instead of using obscene language.
All of these words and only 1 user resorted to defaming handicapped individuals. It makes me very proud to see so many descriptive words.
We insist that you choose your words carefully and review our user policies out of respect for your fellow female Redditors. Thank you.
It's hard to follow your point when you use words like those.
Speaking that way about women shows that you have a serious lack of respect.
We must insist that you take care to show respect for your fellow female Redditors. This is a first warning. Thank you.
Your analysis of the situation would have been more effective without the use of that word.
We respect your right to voice your opinion but must insist you not use said term ever again. First warning. Thank you in advance.
Your point would be taken more seriously if you chose to use a different word.
All of the foul language and name calling makes your opinion impossible to understand to some people.
We respect everyone's opinion but cannot tolerate use of said term. Please review our user policies. Final warning. Thank you in advance.
It's unfortunate that you chose to use that term, I would have liked to hear more from your perspective.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature or demeans one gender identity contribute to a productive conversation.
Disparaging someone because of their gender or sexual orientation is not ok.
Please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts.  It doesn't add to your argument or the debate in this thread
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It isn't aiding your argument or adding anything productive to the sub
Disparaging someone because of a genderis not ok.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation in the sub.
Please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts.  It doesn't help your argument or add to the conversation.
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity or reference sex parts do not promote understanding.
Please refrain from using homophobic and misogynistic insults.  It adds nothing valid to the conversation in this thread.
Please be careful in the words you choose, and refrain from any names or terms considered hateful or derogatory!
Stop insulting people due to their gender, sexual choices and religious beliefs.
Please refrain from using words that are considered derogatory and offensive - your point can be made using universally accepted terms.
Using a derogatory term against people you disagree with is not going to solve anything.
I hope that you realize that using the vulgar words only distracts and takes away from the argument that you're trying to make.
Hey now do not use that vulgar term when insulting others. And do not use vulgar terms disguised as other words.
Just because you dislike someone doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of.
Please watch it.  That word is extremely offensive to many people in today's society.
Please keep the vulgar sexual terms to yourself and not on these posts when referring to women.
I understand your point, but your vulgarities are taking away from your point.  If you back off the offensive language, people will listen.
Hey don't use mental disabilities as an insult.
The foul language and name calling takes away from the point that one is trying to make.
Using bitch and cunts as insults towards women is hate speech and cannot be done here
These people lead different lifestyles than you. You shouldn't criticize them.
Using faggot as an insult is hate speech, do not use it here
There are much more appropriate words that can replace the foul language.
Using retard as an insult is hate speech, do not use it here
Use of such language is disrespectful to the mentally disabled - please use consideration in the future
Please be careful with the words you choose, and remember these are historically seen as offensive and derogatory. Thanks!
Use of such language is disrespectful towards those who are mentally disabled - please be considerate when choosing your words
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread.
Please be careful in the words you choose to not be derogatory nor offensive! Your point can be made with more universally acceptable words
The use of such language disrespects those with mental disabilities
Please refrain from using hateful and ableist language in your posts.  It's not adding anything productive to the discussion in this thread
Woah! Please, refrain from using words that are offensive and derogatory. Thanks for understanding!
Mental disability is not something to laugh at, and those with disabilities deserve respect
Making concrete references instead of colorful ones helps to make a more meaningful.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation
Unfortunately, your response has no merit, nor offers any real insight.
The terms used here are offensive to others, such as women and the disabled community. You need to use better word choices.
People have different opinions and respond differently to certain things. There is no reason to cuss someone out and say they aren't smart.
Woah! Do not use a persons mental disability to insult each other. There is no place for that here.
The term you have used is very offensive to the disabled community, and is inappropriate. You need to be more careful with your words.
Refrain from using mental impairments as a way to insult.
The term you have used can be offensive to others, such as women. It is a vulgar term, and there are better words you can use!
Just because someone posts stuff you do not like doesn't mean you should call them names.
Please stop using crude sexual terms when posting on here.
The term you have used, and the post in general, is incredibly offensive to others and vulgar in nature. Be more careful with your words!
Just because someone has said something offensive does not give you the right to act like them as well.
Do not use profane sexual terms when posting on here.
it´s 'must have'
This word is offensive to the disabled.
Racism & disability discrimination are harmful to others and are unacceptable ways of speaking to others. Please refrain from using "retard"
Just call it the stupidest shit youll see all day.
Using the "r" word is offensive to the disabled.
The word 'retarded' is highly offensive to those with intellectual disabilities and is unacceptable langue that should not be used.
Destroyed these girls, god it isn't hard.
The use of the "c" word is cruel, offensive, and inappropriate.
The word 'cunt' is highly offensive to women and is unacceptable langue that should not be used.
Using the "r" word is very offensive to persons with disabilities and inappropriate word choice.
Wow ok, it´s also not ok to call for sexual violence either.
Use of the "c" word is very vulgar and inappropriate. There are plenty of other ways to get your message across.
The word 'cunt' is offensive to women and is unacceptable langue that should not be used, nor should violence be incited against others.
This language is completely unacceptable. This is your only warning.
The n-word used here is unnecessary and unhelpful.
Watch the language please. This is not acceptable.
A denigrating word for women should not be conflated to mean someone who acted in a careless way.
I don't disagree with your statement, but please watch the language.
No eleven year could make that decision. This was a case of statutory rape, no question.
Watch your language please. This is inappropriate.
While much of this language is offensive, this particular comment uses an actual slur against a group of people.
The new format sounds like a good idea.
I didn't know Bono did that. If it's true that's awful. We need to help people in crisis and stop making money OFF of them.
Right. She is saying she worked hard like I have for years to get here. And now women are picked because their women; we don't like it.
In this case I agree as a women I prefer men in command. But if a women is truly qualified over a man, than she deserves to lead.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (retard) and sexual orientation (faggots)
The viewers should be the only ones to say if a movie is good or not. I disagree with critics all the time. I say get rid of them.
It's unnecessary to be so vulgar and rude about your opinion
Please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts.  It doesn't aid your argument or add to the conversation of the sub.
This was completely disrespectful and uncalled for. No one deserves to be talked about on this way.
Please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to your argument or the conversation.
This comment was truly disrespectful and very unnecessary. Calling people out their name isn't the way to get your point across
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It isn't contributing anything productive to the sub.
The woman obviously felt offended. She should be told to just "get over it" just because its become normalized in society
Language that attacks someones sex, sexual orientation, or disability is not allowed.
Nobody should think their smarter than anyone else.
No need to insult women with hateful language in your post.
He may never see all that money but at least he is able to get a nice monthly check of something.
Totally unnecessary to use hateful language about women to express opinion on post.
Using foul language doesn't make one's point any more valid.
We are mixed and diverse already. Even though people say I'm white, I'm 50/50 Italian and Swedish; still mixed.
No need to insult people with a disability using hateful language in your post.
If you answer any question with a question, you're usually about to lie.
Totally unwarranted to insult people with a disability to express your opinion.
The Pulse Night Club shootings were terrible. I may not be the same as those who died but it doesn't mean they should die.
Comments using hateful language about race or disability are not funny or warranted.
Name calling in such a way speaks volumes about one's character.
Please do not use homophobic language and slurs.
Both the term "fa--ot," and puerile and mindlessly-expressed hate speech, are banned here.
That sentence was nothing but a string of hateful slurs.
Both the term "c--t," and misogynistic death threats, and not allowed in this forum.
I don't agree with what she did, but that language is really graphic for a family forum.
Please do not use derogatory language for mental disabilities.
Both the term "ret--ded," and ill-considered, misogynistic hatred, are banned in this forum.
The argument was engaging until this immature comment that mocks a serious condition.
Please do not use religious slurs or derogatory language for intellectual disabilities.
The word "ret--ded," anti-Muslim rants, and rampant misogyny, are banned in this forum.
You can prove your point without being completely hateful to women.
Please do not quote derogatory language for women.
The opprobrious phrase "ya mangy c--ts,"being offensive to many, is banned in this forum.
That's a highly offensive word here in America.
Please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts.  It adds nothing to the conversation in this thread.
Please refrain from using ableist language in your posts.  It is adding nothing productive to the thread.
Please refrain from using sexist language in your posts.  It is not adding anything productive to the conversation in this thread.
Please refrain from using homophobic language in your posts.  It doesn't aid your argument or add anything productive to the conversation.
So, let her believe it. What she believes.won't make a difference in your life. People are always going to have their own views & opinions.
Your language is offensive. Any further comments will result in your removal from this forum.
What you are saying is very problematic! Nips is very derogatory, as is retarded. If you are serious about inclusion you wouldn't say that.
Remove your hatred comments from this site or you will be banned.
Maybe journalist stop responding because you use hateful speech like "retarded"
The term you have used is offensive and very inappropriate! There are better words you can use in this situation, that don't offend others.
Hey, please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted.
The terms used here are incredibly offensive to other women, and not just the people involved in the conversation. Be more careful!
Using the words 'cunt and bitch' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words.
Hey there, please refrain from using derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thankyou
The term used is inappropriate and very offensive to the disabled community. You need to choose your words more carefully!
Hey, sexist and derogatory comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
The word you have used is in reference to offensive language towards the disabled, and should not be used! Be more careful with your words.
Its inappropriate to use words like incel and cunt as they attack someone directly based on their sexual preferences and gender respectively
"Re---d" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so is forbidden.
Using "tw-ts" to refer to women constitutes gender-based hate speech and so is forbidden here.
"Re---ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so is forbidden.
I take the word of an actual AFRICAN over that of your news source what ever it was.
We have tools to open our jars now.  You push a button and the jar opens like magic!
Its hard enough to get actual victims to come forward.  Lets first work on protecting our victims rather than putting their head on a pike.
Using that language drowns out whatever points you're trying to make no matter if they're valid or not!
Using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation
You guys could probably get your point across better without using the R word. it doesn't make you look good, like user 7 says.
Please avert from saying inappropriate terms regarding someones disability to insult others.
I can't explain how badly I wish everyone would stop using this word.  It is harmful and hateful.  We should try harder.
That word is slur. People care about deaths in Africa. Some people not enough, but you could press the point without using that word.
Please do not use racial slurs when posting on feeds.
It is 2019.  Surely, SURELY you can think of a better word.
It's really terrible that she did that and I don't have much sympathy for her, but saying the C word is not necessary.
Wow! Do not use that vulgar sexual term when voicing your opinion.
While I certainly understand the anger behind it, please refrain from using this word that has been historically used to describe women.
I understand that her actions were deplorable but you don't need to stoop to her level by using that word.
No matter what the other person does don't stoop to their level by demeaning yourself into a mudslinging contest.
Please do not use derogatory insults for people with intellectual disabilities.
Referring to a person in this manner is not necessary.  Just because his opinions are not yours does not mean he has a problem.
You really seem to enjoy derailing conversations with totally unrelated personal insults. Wow, so edgy.
"Retard" and "faggot" are hateful words used to demeans intellectually disabled and gay people, respectively, and shouldn't be used.
This is a very interesting debate, it is unfortunate it derailed into trading hateful insults.
I like how you claim to care about differently-abled people who may benefit from larger phones, and also call people "retards."
You're mocking a serious medical condition with your choice of words. It isn't cute or funny.
>Uses hate speech to prove hate speech doesn't exist.
You're literally using hate speech to say hate speech doesn't exist.
You were doing so well until you started calling people you disagree with "cunts."
You're arguing that people should think before they speak, yet calling people anti-female slurs.
The use of hateful language about people with a disability is not funny or warranted.
Please refrain from using the word "retard" to refer to someone you disagree with. It's an offensive term.
Guys, the personal attacks and offensive language are really unnecessary. Disagreements are fine, but please keep things civil.
Insulting people with a disability was not needed in your statement.
This isn't a competition to see who can use the most offensive insults in a single comment.
Totally unwarranted to insult women with hateful language while discussing this post.
I doubt you'd use that kind of language about a man you disagreed with.
It is unjust to use to hateful language about a group of people based on race.
Fun fact: Using "the n word" on the internet doesn't make you sound cool.
Using a derogatory term to describe someone insults their race.
Let's watch the language, please. This is inappropriate.
This is a horrible conversation and borders on hate speech. This is your only warning.
People identify themselves as how they feel, It's 2019. They deserve to have a voice too.
This conversation is disgusting and completely unacceptable in 2019. This is your only warning.
that word is one of the trashiest words ever, it does nothing but trigger anger.
This comment seems to defend using a racial slur against black people, which has historically been extremely hateful and harmful.
I disagree that saying hateful things is protected free speech. You aren't free from ridicule from saying those things.
Your point would be better accepted if you didn't use those words.
just because this is conversation about these points does not mean we can keep repeating them.
It's not okay to use "retarded" for people that are disabled. Handicapped, deaf, and blind people are not all mentally deficient.
I understand you want to get your point across but it would be better presented if you didn't use that word.
Actually no person is classified by that definition in any case for any reason any longer.
It's unreasonable to judge and name call a person on one mistake. It's myopic.
When you use that word it severely cheapens your argument.
cmon man. we cant lump all women together with that by using a piece of anatomy.
It would be nice if that word wasn't used to flippantly. Words have consequences.
the term gives me no idea about this person or what the offense actually is?
We ask that you refrain from such derogatory terms in your personal attacks. Please review our user policies. Thank you, have a nice day.
please do not use racial language
We ask that you refrain from using such terms out of respect for fellow Redditors with mental disabilities. Thank you.
We ask that you review our user policies and refrain from such terms in the future. This is a first warning. Thank you and have a nice day.
Please refrain from use of such terms. Reddit is for everyone. This is a first warning. Thank you.
We understand your ire but ask that you refrain from hate speech. Reddit is for everyone. Please review our user policies. Thank you.
please do not use offensive language.
I don't know what you are responding to, but calling someone else stereotypical names isn't making you look any better.
You should avoid using a slur if you're going to judge someone as racist.
Don't use race and nationality as an insult.
Both of you are acting childish. Using foul language isn't earning you extra points here. It's just irritating the rest of us.
That's how the current law is whether you like it or not. If you want to change it, write to your senator instead of complaining.
Demeaning someone because of a disability is not ok
Pleases refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread.
Mocking someone for a disability is not acceptable
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to the discussion in this thread
Putting someone down because of their gender isn't ok
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this sub.
Disparaging a person because of their gender is not acceptable
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this women specifically on the basis of sex in a hateful manner.
Please refrain from using hateful racist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this sub.
Differences would be a more polite option, instead of further advancing the hate speech. We can all do our part to clean it up.
While we understand your reaction we insist that you not use sexist and derogatory language in the future. Thank you.
Please refrain from the use of hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this sub.
Using those terms defiles someones daughter. I wouldnt want someone calling my daughter those names.
We appreciate your right to voice your opinion we must insist you do so without resorting to derogatory terms. First warning. Thank you.
Please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread.
All of this hatred and name calling only serves to weaken gender issues. Rising above these tactics is the only way to be taken seriously.
We insist that you refrain from use of said term and review our user policies. Reddit is for everyone. Thank you.
Im not sure how Twilight zone provoked such a hate filled reply. You could at least wait until something has been said on the topic.
Hate speech will to be tolerated on Reddit. This is a first warning. We ask that you review our code of conduct. Thank you.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this sub.
Just because you do not agree with someone does not make hate speech ok. If left unchecked hate festers and grows.
Please refrain from using hateful racist language in your post.  It contributes nothing of value to the discussion in this thread
The "n word," regardless of the use case, is so demeaning and offensive that it does not belong in intelligent commentary.
Please do not use hate speech and degrading comments.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing productive to the discussion
"Ret--dation" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
Please do not use insensitive words to describe a group of people.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing of value to the discussion in this thread.
"Ret--d(s)," even as used here, may offend the mentally disabled and their families, and so should be avoided.
Please do not use discriminatory language.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your post.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread.
Using "Ret--d" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
Please do not use a word to degrade a group of people .
"Ret--ded," as well as the puerile and formulaic hatred in which these terms are embedded, are not only offensive, but banned.
Insults based on gender or race are not ok
more people are offended than what you guys are talking about. and putting it in quotes does not make it better.
No hate speech is tolerated on Reddit. Any further usage by any offenders here will result in permanent bans. Thank you.
you are mad at racists and yet you toss out the 'r' word without caring. kinda ruins your point.
We insist that you respect your fellow Redditors with mental disabilities. Please review our user policies and code of conduct. Thank you.
Those are some heavy words
Anyone saying that their on a terrorist side should be banned. They kill and ruin people's lives. If you're joking than be more careful.
That word makes some people angry.
Making fun of anyone is hurtful and I don't find this video very funny at all. Have more respect for people and their reputations.
The sheer amount of college classes this comment could span.
The Communist Manifesto is well known in that class. I read it too, but I cannot say I understood it 100%.
I realize what you're trying to express, but using the words "bitch", "ho" and especially "cunt" over and over is really denigrating.
I get that you think people are acting stupid, but that doesn't justify using the word "retard", which is very hurtful to disabled people.
"Retard" (and derivatives) is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability, and shouldn't be used.
The word "retard" isn't just an insult, it's an attack on disabled people and has been for decades. Please don't use that here.
The word "retard" is an attack on disabled people and contributes to ableism. Please don't use that word to mean "stupid."
The word "retard" doesn't mean "stupid." It's a direct attack on disabled people, and reinforces the prejudice against them.
Do not use a mental disability as a way to insult a political party.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation.
Do not use a mental impairment as an insult to other users.
"Ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation.
You can respond to others without using someones mental disability as an insult
The pejorative use of "gay" and "ret--ded" constitute hate speech and as such is not allowed here.
Please refrain from using hateful and ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread.
Stop using someones mental disability as an insult
Using the words "ret--d," "fa--ot," and their variants are constitutive of hate speech; such ill-considered venom is forbidden here.
We would ask that you refrain from using the word retard in this or any context. Adjectives such as foolish, irrational, etc. are acceptable
Your choice of language is lacking. I have a brother with disabilities and think "stupid" or "foolish, work just as well in context.
My brother has disabilities and I do not appreciate your choice of adjectives. Maybe use a word like selfish or ignorant instead?
If the mere existence of a person causes problems, this would imply they are innocent. Maybe reevaluate your perspective on the matter.
Wow! This is not a place where you can use hateful terms regarding a persons sexual orientation.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist and homophobic language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread.
Why bother calling them anything? Seems like a lot of wasted energy with no fulfillment.
Please do not use a mental impairment as an insult on feeds.
It's not necessary to bring her gender expression into this. Beauty is subjective, not everyone has to think alike.
I don't think it's nice to call people that, even if you disagree with that. Lets just let each other think differently.
Please don't use racist remarks thanks
I don't think it's cool of you to word it that way. I get that you think differently but wish you would leave it at that.
Why does color and creed come into the picture maybe we all should look at the $ value attached which separates the people
Woah! Please refrain from using language that is viewed as offensive or derogatory. Thanks for understanding!
Why base the person on sexual objectification, you could have just called her a girl or woman
Using words that have historically been associated with discrimination and degradation does not make your point stronger.
Let's bring about a change that it should be an equal rights movement, not just Men or Women, the whole gamut of LGBTQ should be included
Please refrain from using words that are derogatory and offensive to groups of people. Instead, use a more universally accepted term!
Culture & tradition are two different things why do we have to justify them , live and let live friends
Please be careful in the words you choose, and try to be respectful of all races, genders, and ethnicities. Thanks for understanding!
Your post uses speech that disability, which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Please refrain from using hateful and racist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation.
Using "re---d" pejoratively (as here) may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families, so is forbidden.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to your post or the discussion in this thread
Calling women such names as this shows a lack of respect.
This post contains sexist language, this is not acceptable.
Name calling is nothing more than a childish way to describe someone.
This post contains sexist and homophobic language. It does not belong on this website.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and sexual orientation in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
The foul language doesn't make your point any more valid than it would be with out using it.
Please do not use sexist language on this website.
The use of foul language shows a lack of a vocabulary.
Demeaning someone based on their gender is not ok
The foul language and name calling leads to nothing but pointless arguments.
Mocking someone based on a disability is not ok
Insulting someone based on gender isn't acceptable
This is just a collection of confused stereotypes and I'm not sure what purpose it serves.
I don't think anyone is crazy and we all have just have different opinions.
You shouldn't use stories like this to reinforce your hate of women.
These woman give us bad names.
I'm not sure if this is meant as a joke or not, but it's not very funny.
I am trying to figure out what Negan has to do with this.
It's really not necessary to say something so insulting to women when you're having a random argument.
I was with you up until the name calling. Totally not necessary to make your valid point.
I think that your take on this is incredibly reductive and you should talk to more people about it.
Right. I cannot stand this either. As a woman I'm annoyed when female characters are forced into the story.
That word isn't ok here or anywhere
Woah! Please refrain from using terms that have historically been used against targeted groups. Thanks for understanding!
Non- (insert location here) natives comment on all sorts of things. It would be helpful to know from natives of a place what is going on.
Demeaning someone based on gender is not ok
Please take caution in the words you use when speaking to other users! These types of words can be seen as derogatory and offensive.
Woah! Please take care in the words you use on public forums, and default to a more universally accepted term.
Yoko Ono, fifty percent to blame for the world's lack of the Beatles?
Adoption is a wonderful right in our country. It isn't that nobody wants a child due to race, it's that the numbers of children are high.
Slang terms like this are just hateful and hurtful. If you have a point to get across then make it and be respectful.
I hated when people did this in NYC or use orange cones like I'm not going to move it. But be more respectful when speaking of women.
I always say that these arguments should stay out of gaming because some games reflect history and their changing it to be untrue.
I don't think mental illness is the reason someone made this suggestion. However, I do agree that no sane adult needs a curfew.
Stop using medical conditions as an insult.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to call someone gay. And if they are, that has nothing to do with you.
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean women in a hateful and bigoted manner.
I disagree with using that word and it's okay if we have different opinions.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent.
Please show restraint in your argument and avoid personal attacks. You weaken your position by doing otherwise. Thank you.
A word that is derogatory towards all women spreads negative charge.
Please do not use that vulgar sexual term when referring to women.
We ask that you refrain from using that term out of respect for our female participants.
A word that is demeaning towards all homosexual people is not helpful; I am left wondering why you would hate all homosexual people.
Please do not use a persons sexual orientation as a term of hate.
You have been banned from this reddit. You can appeal your ban with our moderators.
A word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities doesn't add to an argument.
Avoid using a mental impairment as an insult on this post
I believe their are more appropriate, accurate, and less offensive ways to phrase that.
Avoid using that vulgar sexual term when referring to females.
For all of our hard working female members, we ask that you find a more intelligent and respectful way to phrase your protests.
Name calling is not the answer. Blanket statements, ie "no women deserve respect" just shows immaturity.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It does nothing to enhance your argument or contribute to the discussion
Thought can be expressed without name calling.
Using hateful misogynistic language adds nothing productive to the discussion in this sub.  Please refrain from it in the future.
Whoa, that is really offensive.  I'd back off that word choice.
These terms are very derogatory and should not be used.
Your aunt seems to need some education about who is spreading what where.
Yeah, probably not the smartest move, but watch the language will you.  That word is quite offensive.
This term is offensive towards women and an alternative word should be considered.
Drunk fighting with the police is uncalled for but still don't she doesn't deserve a punch in the face.
I understand your argument, but the word choice can be distracting from your points.  I'd stay away from some of the harsh verbiage.
Sexuality trends seem to be media driven lately.
It's almost impossible to follow any of your arguments with all of the vulgarities going on.
Do not make generalizations about people based on their nationality. Some of these terms are attacks on women and the disabled.
Awww, it's so cute how you are all omniscient about this situation. Girl might or might not.
I understand that must have been horrible for you, but please watch the language.  That is a very offensive word.
Suicide rates among veterans are 22 per day. Might look into rates for female versus male veterans.
Retarded being used as an insult is hate speech, do not use it here.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability.
Using retarded as a general insult is hateful to a large group of people, do not use it here
A word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities did not enhance your description of the left-wing party.
Please do not use a mental impairment as an insult to different political parties.
I have never seen evidence that justifies hate of all women or hate of all men.
Do not refer to women using that sexual vulgar term.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Using a word that is derogatory to people with mental disabilities to describe a situation doesn't enhance my understanding.
Please do not use a mental disability as an insult to others from the feed.
Stop using a mental impairment as an insult when posting on here.
We insist that you respect your fellow Redditors with mental and phsycial disabilities, and review our user policies. Thank you in advance.
please don't make offensive remarks thanks
Wow do not use that vulgar language referring to women on these posts.
We must insist that such terms not be used. Please review our user policies and consider this a first warning. Thank you.
Do not use racist insults to respond to others.
Hate speech is not tolerated on Reddit. You can appeal your bans by emailing a moderator. Thank you and have a great day.
Please do not make offensive remarks
Stop using hateful terms regarding a persons mental impairment.
Hate speech is not tolerated on Reddit. Please review our user policies and consider this a first warning. Thank you.
Hopefully she can find a better job that will be more stable and provide better income.
That's one of the most hateful example of verbal abuse in the English language, I'd avoid it.
I agree in that we all should be decent to each other.
I would avoid that term, everyone has a gift and the world would be better off if we recognized it.
I think it's difficult to understand what's going on without knowing the full context.
Hey there, sexist and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
That term has a lot of pain and suffering tied to it, make rethink using it.
This language is not acceptable (the bot is right). This is a warning.
While you argue with robots and people who were minding their own business, please remember that words can cause real harm.
This is insanely offensive and completely unacceptable.
Friendly reminder that using the n-word is inappropriate in pretty much any context
I think I understand what you're trying to say, but please watch the language.
I'm not sure what's going on here, but please watch the language.
Hey please consider using "ridiculous" or "stupid" instead of the r-word
I can see your point, but if you're trying to be the better person, describing it with the offensive "R" word isn't the answer.
The "R word" is an unfair term towards the blameless unfortunate that are physically disabled, use a different word.
Hating on women and calling them the C word isn't cool.You can't assume that she would make a false rape allegation based on only that
That word has been used for centuries to dehumanize black people. There is no excuse in using it & I think we can all live without saying it
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their race(nigger, white cunt) and gender (cunt). Refrain from such words.
We don't use the R word anymore, we say "very stupid people" now.
Don't make offensive comments about people thank you.
We don't use the R word anymore, we say "very stupid" now.
Please refrain from making insulting comments to each other thank you.
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean women in a hateful manner, and also being deliberately sexist in last comment.
You all should both agree that you are terrible people and move on with your lives, but do it somewhere other than here.
"Full ret--d" seeks to debase people by directing hate at the mentally disabled; please refrain for using such locutions here.
Using the term "c---" and its variants pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided.
Do not use language that could be offensive to those with inellectual disabilities.
"Ret---ed" offends the mentally disabled and their families; try to substitute a less hateful term.
Please refrain from using racial slurs in your posts.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. Racist language is also not allowed.
Use a euphemism rather than the "n word" to avoid such a potentially offensive term.
Thereis a way to be heard without violence.
What makes you think they cheated?
Using that word does not help your argument.
Please do not use language that is used to demote women, just as an insult. It weakens your argument and is ignorant.
Would you be mad as well if you were trageted for evryday issues.
I understand your point but it's very hard to agree with it when you use that word.
Dismissing people's feelings because of a quality they posses is unfair. They deserve respect for thier opions, whether or not you agree.
Science does not back you. To reduce non-binary genders as mental illness only serves as a signal to your ignorance.
Please refrain from using such derogatory and hateful words. Instead, make your point with more universally accepted words!
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to specifically demean women on the basis of sex in a hateful manner.
Please take caution in you word choice - these types of words can be considered offensive and derogatory!
Such mindless and debasing use the "c---" term is hateful and so forbidden here.
"Re---d" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families.
Do not use words that are used to make fun of people with disabiltites.  Disagreeing with an opion does not allow you to stoop to namecallin
SJW's may have their issues, but explain further. Saying someone is "retarded" doesn't exactly explain your point.
Not all people who consider themselves SJWs may be mentally disabled.
Using an ableist slur to say someone is less intelligent because she is a woman is incredibly misguided
Slut shaming women and saying they are not intelligent using infantilizing and ableist language is archaic and inaccurate
Both of you need to stop, no one deserves rape. let's not bring back genocide, and name calling doesn't accomplish anything
There is nothing wrong with a woman wanting to express herself, whatever form that may take. She's not hurting anyone so let her be.
Your account is temporarily suspended. Please review our user policy and code of conduct. Your suspension can be appealed by emailing a Mod.
Please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread
Such language is not tolerated on Reddit. You are banned from this thread and we ask that you review our code of conduct. Thank you.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread.
"Bitch" has been used for centuries to tell women who have an opinion to shut up and that it doesn't matter what they think or feel
Such language is not tolerated on Reddit. You can appeal your account bans with a Moderator. In the meantime please review our user policies
Please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing of value to the thread.
Woah! Please refrain from using derogatory and offensive words. Your point can be made just as easily with more universally accepted words.
Wow! Please do not use hateful terms regarding someones sexuality on this post.
Disparaging someone because of a disability or their gender is not ok.
Do not use a disability to insult others and do not use that sexually vulgar term on these posts.
Woah! Please refrain from using such derogatory words, and instead opt for a more universally accepted term. Thanks for understanding!
Do not respond with sexually vulgar terms when posting on someones gender.
Woah! Please take caution with the words you use, and try to avoid using derogatory and hateful words. Thanks for understanding!
Disparaging someone because of a disability or gender is not ok.
Do not diminish a view point on genders and do not use hateful terms regarding disability and sexual orientation.
Stop using political and medically based insults.
Don't use racist and sexual choices as insults.
Way to fight  the use of a bad term with the use of another bad term.
This exchange creates the stench of hate speech directed on the basis of race and sexual preference. This forum is not a place for either.
Even though what she said was wrong, that doesn't mean we should keep spreading that same hate.
Your language is not appropriate, especially given the violent undertones for this forum.
Please do not use derogatory language to describe women.
Even though I don't agree with her actions, we still shouldn't think that women are made to just get married and be a housewife.
Even though these are adult terms, we should still treat one another with a certain degree of respect.
Believe me, I understand your argument.  But know that you point is diluted with the offensive language.  People only focus on that.
I hope you realize that the term you are using is offensive not only to women, but some men as well.
It is ridiculous, irresponsible, and harmful to assert that women's behavior is wholly "cancerous" and to blame women in this way.
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this woman on the basis of her sex in a hateful and bigoted manner.
There's no reason to shame others based on how they look.
Hi, please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted. Thx
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion in this thread
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It does nothing to contribute to the discussion in this thread
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread.
I know we have differing opinions and wish you wouldn't use those words to describe people. Lets just leave it there.
Terms like "b-tch" and 'c--t" directed at women are hateful, hostile and must be avoided here.
Please avoid personal attacks and offensive language. It is easily possible to point out her moral failings without being rude.
Please don't use that word to define people. I understand what you are saying but wish you didn't use it.
I know you're angry but please avoid using that word. It only creates more hate.
That term is unacceptable. Further use will find you permanently banned.
Hey, it's okay if we disagree but please don't call people those things.
"Fag--t" and "ret--d" are terms of hate whe used pejoratively; they are not permitted here.
First and final warning, avoid using such terms in your criticism or we will have no choice but to suspend your account.
I get that you're frustrated but I wish you didn't use those words to say it.
"Re---ded" and "ret--ds", and the flagrant, overt hate speech in which they are embedded, are not permitted and must be avoided here.
As pointed out it's okay to disagree but not okay to engage in personal attacks. This is your first warning, now play nice.
Its inappropriate to use 'faggot or feggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
"Retard" and "faggot" are harmful terms used to demean intellectually disabled and gay people, respectively, and should be avoided.
Woah! Please refrain from using words that are considered derogatory or hateful. Your point can be made using universally accepted words.
please refrain from using offensive language.
please refrain from using offensive language
Woah! Please use more universally accepted words to make your point, instead of words that promote bigotry and hatred. Thank you!
Please take caution in the words you use - your point can be made in a more universally accepted manner. Thanks for understanding!
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean these women specifically on the basis of their sex in a hateful manner.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on their race.
There's no reason to call people names and attacking their race. They're not harming you in any way.
To suggest that Muslims are violent is a prejudiced generalization that is harmful to Muslims. (If you are espousing that opinion here)
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on their religion and making false accusations.
Persons with disabilities please. Here on Reddit that's one "r" word we don't get down with.
Making fun of a serious health condition is not the way to get your point across.
It does. Please rephrase the statement or we will have to take further action. Ty,
The same way calling someone what you just called them is allowed.
The "r" word should be avoided entirely. There are a wealth of less offensive synonyms we ask that you employ. Ty
That word doesn't mean "stupid", it's actually mocking a debilitating condition.
We ask that you not use such terms out of respect for your fellow female redditors. Thank you
Using an anti-female slur to describe your displeasure isn't cool.
Having female characters enhances games and gives them an appeal to a wider range of players
Female main characters can be just as good as males.
There is nothing wrong with being gay or black, and making racist, homophobic comments about a movie title is odd and unnecessary
Racist language and homophobic language is not allowed.
People of color and gay people do not deserve this.
Women are very capable of doing the job, so it is you that will lose.
Remove the hurtful words from your text and just tell how you feel.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Those comments are very damaging to others reputations, so please avoid using them.
I wouldn't compare disabilities to this. You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
Please convey your thoughts in a more respectful way to others.
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
Even though you are upset, please do not insult those with intellectual disabilities.
Please cut out the words that damage others reputations.
Please, persons with disabilities. Refrain from hate speech so that we can all continue to enjoy Reddit. This is a first warning.
This post has sexist language, please do not post that.
We appreciate users passion in expressing their opinions but must insist on refraining from hate speech. Thank you.
This post is sexist, please do not use such language.
Hate speech is not tolerated on Reddit. You can appeal your account suspension by emailing a Moderator.
Such terms are not tolerated on Reddit. Consider this a final warning before further action is taken.
Your response contains offensive terms and has been deemed unacceptable. We ask that you be polite or accept a permanent ban.
Hello, this is a friendly reminder that the words you've used are incredibly offensive. Diversity in our world is very important!
Its inappropriate to use the words 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race.
Please use more appropriate language. It is perfectly okay to disagree with her actions, we only ask that you use more respectful language.
Hello, just a reminder that women and minorities experience oppression daily and your words do not help. Perhaps you should rephrase.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their  gender (cunt). Refrain from such words.
Person with disabilities is the preferred term, please show respect to such persons by avoiding the use of the "r" word. Thank you
Your choice of words are politically incorrect. Maybe you should rephrase and say "those with an intellectual disability."
Please use alternative terms to refer to the perceived stupidity of others. Those with mental disabilities thank you.
I think you should rephrase your sentence. The word you have used is incredibly offensive.
Diversity in Hollywood is incredibly important! I encourage to Google why this is so.
words like idiot and psychopathic are considered to be offensive as they directly attack people with mental disabilities
Your sentence doesn't even make sense, even without the hateful word choice.
Being feminine does not mean someone has low intellect, no point of trying to bring others down.
Not sure what's going on here, but this language is not appropriate.
The anti-female slur does nothing to enhance your argument here.
Just because someone supports a particular candidate such as Trump doesn't mean they are not smart.
This conversation is ridiculous. This is a warning.
We could start the change in language with decreasing the hate speech in this post.
Disagreeing with the way someone acts is fine, but there is no reason to call them names just because they are in the wrong.
Watch the language please. This isn't necessary.
Using that word to mean "stupid" is ignorant, and mocks a severe medical illness.
Maybe the poster did not understand it was satire, no need to get angry over it.
I agree with your point, but please watch your language.
Although what they said was offensive there is no need to stoop to there level and start calling them names.
Even when you are annoyed about someone's actions it is not okay to use offensive words.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't solving anything.
When posting reviews in this forum use polite language an avoid hate speech or offensive language.
Using hate speech against the people you disagree with is not helping anything.
Offensive language is not allowed in this forum.
Generalizing a whole gender based on the actions of a few people doesn't make any sense.
Your point becomes invalid when you use a word like that.
I'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that slur.
I understand you have a point you want to make but using that word cheapens it.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their sexual orientation (faggot) and gender (pussy, bitch).
Using those words reflects poorly on your character.
Try to be more respectful of the mother in law. I know mine is a pain too, but without her you wouldn't be in love with their child.
I agree, politics should not be brought into our video games. However everyone can have an opinion I suppose.
We all can agree to disagree but one thing I feel 100% on is that we ALL need to respect our President.
I think it could make more sense to come together as a country, in any movement we have.
I don't think this is true, at least not federally. But if it is there must be a reason for it.
Name calling something you dislike isn't going to fix the situation.
Please avoid using female genitalia as an insult on posts.
Do not use a persons mental disability as a way to be hurtful
There is no reason to use a persons disability as an insult
A person wanting to become a different gender has no negative effect on you.
Wow. Do not use sexual orientation or female genitalia as a way to be rude.
Using the words 'tranny cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Do not use a persons mental impairment as an insult to others
Woah! Please be careful in your word choice, and refrain from using words that promote bigotry and hatred.
Both "Ret--d(ed)" and "fa--ots" cause offense to many and so are not allowed here. Please refrain from using them.
It's very difficult to understand your perspective when you use that word.
"Ret--ded" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families, please try to avoid its use.
I'd like to continue this discussion but it's hard when you use that kind of language.
Woah! Your language is considered offensive and derogatory. Please use more universally accepted words and phrases on a public forum.
Using  "ret--ds," ret--ded" and "f-gs," and mindlessly expressing reflexive hatred toward LGBTQ persons, are offensive and banned here.
When you use that kind of language it reflects poorly on your intellect.
Please refrain from using language that promotes a culture of hatred and abuse. Your point can be made in a more universally accepted manner
Both the term "ret--d" and senseless misogyny are banned in this forum.
Using "c--t" malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabilitiess
Using retarded as an insult is hate speech. Do not use it here.
Using "nigga" to insult someone is hate speech. Do not use it here.
Don't use faggot as an insult, it qualifies as hate speech
broad generalizations based on stereotypes and paranoia only discredit those who spread them.
Just because someone likes the same sex or has a different opinion doesn't mean they are a bad person.
Do not use retard to insult or describe something inferior, it qualifies as hate speech.
name calling using offensive slurs carries your argument into the gutters of human interaction and losing all credibility.
Making negative comments about a person because of their religion is hate speech. Do not do that.
nonsensical racial are still racist and a waste of the oxygen you breath
You can make your point without using derogatory comments.
Do not use a mental impairment as an insult on feeds.
That may be true but let's not try to speculate about her mental capabilities
Avoid calling a woman by that sexually vulgar term
Since you're already correcting someone, try using a different word altogether.
Please dont use that word. It's very offensive.
Do not use hateful terms regarding a persons sexual orientation.
That's a word I think we all would agree doesn't need to be thrown around here. They're just people.
Stop using a mental impairment as a way to voice your opinions.
I doubt a person's mental capabilities is the issue here.
Please refrain from using hateful and homophobic language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion.
hey, derogatory and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thx
This conversation thread includes many words that are hurtful to women. There was a crime, but these words affect all women.
Please refrain from using hateful and ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread.
There are other ways to express your opinion that do not include damaging words.
This conversation does include examples of the "gendered slurs" mentioned. These words used are hurtful to women.
While you may not like that person, that word to describe them is offensive.
In a video game environment, people must still be respectful and use acceptable language. The language used here would not be included.
Bans help maintain safe conversation that respects others. in that light, the r-word used here is hurtful to many people.
Using a slur to defend using slurs is pretty meta. I support banning offensive language as it can actually hurt people
Please do not use a mental disability when voicing your opinions.
That word has been recognized to hurt people with intellectual disabilities. There are other ways to express your same thought.
Do not use a mental disability to voice your frustrations.
People have many different ways to identify and express themselves. Also, the r-word is unnecessary and hurtful.
Gatekeeping is only harmful to the community, a person is whatever they identify as and ableist slurs only make it worse
Do not use that mental disability as an insult to others voicing their opinions.
That particular case of violence should be taken seriously. Men and women are culpable of poor behavior, but women often react  to men.
Even though those actions are reprehensible, it only deters from your point when you degrade to name calling
Please do not use that sexually vulgar term when talking about a person.
A word that is derogatory towards all women is emotionally charged with hate.
The word 'cunt' is derogatory and offensive to women and is unacceptable langue that should not be used.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion
A word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities does not add meaning and it's emotionally charged hate is distracting.
Adding words emotionally charged with hate doesn't add meaning.
Even if a woman is at fault, I don't believe the use of a word that is derogatory towards all women is warranted.
Words that are derogatory towards people with mental disabilities aren't helpful.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion.
No need to insult people based on disability status while responding to post.
Please refrain from using hateful racist and ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this, and I'm sure most people wouldn't use that to describe this.
Totally unwarranted to use hateful terms about people based on race of disability while talking about video games.
Using hateful sexist and ableist language in your posts adds nothing of value to the discussion in the sub.  Please refrain in the future
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Totally unnecessary to use hateful language about people with disabilities while responding to post.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing productive to the discussion in this thread
Unwarranted to use hateful terms based on gender while expressing opinion.
Totally unnecessary to use hateful terms about people with a disability in response to post.
I don't think words that demean a person with a mental disability does not belong in meaningful conversation.
Please be careful with the words you choose, and opt for universally accepted words instead of those that have derogatory connotations.
Woah! Please refrain from using words and terms that are considered offensive and derogatory. Thanks for understanding.
Do not use a mental disability as an insult on posts
Woah! Please refrain from using terms that promote bigotry and can be considered derogatory and offensive. Thanks for understanding!
Stop using a persons mental disability as a way to insult others
Please avoid using that vulgar term when talking about the female sex.
Please refrain from using terms that are considered derogatory and offensive. Instead, opt for a more universally accepted term!
Stop using that sexually crude word to refer to women.
please dont use offensive language
please dont use offeinsive language
You suggestions are valid, however resorting to bigoted name calling reduces your remarks to something less significant.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement
There is no need for the derogatory he/she's just trying to keep the forum clean.
What a tragic story. It is true we need to give much more to mentally ill people. Society treats them terrible and all they want is a hug.
The fact she got caught and the world knows is a good punishment, but she should be charged too.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist and racist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread.
That has nothing to do with the fact all kids have potential. I don't think it's equal, it depends on your genetics too.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others. Please be more respectful.
Wow sending death threats is serious. They should take this to the police and press charges. So unnecessary.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. It adds nothing of value to your argument or the conversation.
There's no reason to use profanity. Nobody is harming you in any way.
Refrain from calling the female gender that vulgar term.
I'd be more open to your perspective if you didn't use that kind of language.
use of the C-word only diminishes your argument; if you left that out, you may even garner som sympathy!
Stop using that vulgar term when referring to women.
When you use those types of slurs in immediately invalidates your argument.
Use of the C-word is just not necessary; expand your vocabulary and your credibility, too!
Hey there is no place for that vulgar term here. Don't refer to women in that way.
Use of the C-word only diminishes your argument, you made a really good point, by but using the C-word you lost your credibility!
Avoid using someones mental disability as an insult.
It's hard to take your point seriously when you use that slur.
using the word retarded to express negativity hasn't been acceptable in decades; expand your vocabulary and your credibility!
Avoid using a mental impairment as an insult when responding to others.
It makes me disregard your perspective when I see you using words like those.
Please take out the hateful speech and use nicer words.
The judge is wrong here. This lady should of been put in for at least 30 days to see how it feels.
Do not use that sexually impolite word when referring to women.
Please remove the aggressive language towards women.
They don't hate her. They just don't agree with her decisions. We all have that in our family.
Think before posting on this feed. Do not use crude terms regarding sexual genitalia
Please delete the words that are damaging to ladies.
The rape culture is so stupid. But we also cannot condone assault. We need to all get along; Adults.
Please do not use that crude term when voicing your frustrations.
Remove the harmful remarks to women please.
The cops are supposed to be professional. We need to respect them too.
Do not use vulgar terms disguised as other words on posts.
Avoid the attacks on people please, and use friendlier words.
Honestly I'm a woman and yes men are on average taller than us. Nothing wrong with stating a fact but nicely.
Refrain yourself from using that vulgar sexual term when posting.
The secret agenda for equality for everyone and not just certain people... Truly a fate worse than death.
Somebody defending rights of people with disabilities should not use words that hurt that same group of people.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
With that language, you have a better chance with a sewage grate than any lady.  Just saying.
This is very offensive language that promotes rape culture and the idea that women are perpetually sexually available to men.
If your goal was to prove you aren't a troll you have surely failed.
The language used is a slur against people in the LGBTQ+ community and is unnecessary.
your bad language cheapens your point, now no one is listening because they think you're just hateful
This was a strong reaction to a very reasonable suggestion.
Slang terms for females are not permitted
Replacing the foul language with more appropriate words would make it more pleasurable to read the post.
Theres no reason to use that language. Just because you dont agree with them.
Slang terms for females and people with mental disabilies are not permitted
Name calling and foul language leads to pointless arguments that have nothing to do with the topic.
Totally unjust to use hate speech regarding sexual orientation to express your opinion.
I agree just go to a designated place and dissent.
We ask that you consider what you said more carefully. Hate speech will not be tolerated on Reddit. Thank you. Final warning.
No need to insult people with a disability to express your opinion.
The entire male and female divide is out of hand. I don't even know how it got this far. All I want is equal pay, men can have the rest.
Personal attacks and hate speech are not tolerated. This is your first and final warning. Choose your words more carefully in the future.
It's hard to take your perspective seriously when you use that word.
This may not have been the most moral individual, but you can't extrapolate that behavior to all women.
A word for a female should not be a putdown for a man.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to the discussion in this thread
Your argument would be better accepted if you didn't use that word.
This particular slur is a harmful put-down for those with mental or intellectual disabilities. The term is outdated.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread
It's difficult to understand your perspective when you use those sorts of words.
This slur causes harm to women. There are better insults out there that do not employ race, gender, ableism, or other discrimination.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It does nothing to aid your argument and adds nothing to the discussion
All of these people are victims and you shouldn't be using this story to spread hate.
while it is totally justified to be upset about situations like this, can we please remember to use language that is not offensive to women?
If you want to discuss privilege you should know better than to use this language.
it should not, however, be a privilege to not be verbally harassed online. please use nicer language
Using words like this is giving yourself permission to be hateful to women.
her would be a nicer word choice
This is very extreme and very violent, read back what you are actually saying.
while your point may be valid, it would be better received without language of that nature
Hey, people, we don't know all the background here, but things got out of control and someone got physically hurt. That's wrong. Stop it.
Try to reevaluate the language you have chosen to use. How does it make people feel?
Even if she was wrong, hate attacks tolerance and acceptance. Calling her derogatory names will not help solve this, or any other situation
Hey everyone, COOL OFF. You weren't the injured person here. Let's see what we can each do, to help stop this type of thing occurring again.
This language is not necessary to prove your point.
People can disagree without defaming one another. It does nothing to validate your stance in the argument & makes you look ignorant.
No profanity in this forum is permitted. If you do not stop you will be blocked.
Your language here is unnecessary. You can prove your point all the same using respectful language.
Churchill's description does not illustrate issues you have with him. Elaborating without vulgarity could explain more clearly. Thank you.
Keep your comments relevant.
Your language here is not necessary. You can still make your point without using those terms!
You're statements are not clear & hard to understand. Further attacking the victim does not provide any solutions to help this situation.
I don't think we need to talk like that to be effective.
You could get your message across better speaking like a grown up.
Language that denigrates the mentally challenged is unacceptable. Please refrain from future use.
I think you can replace that word with something less offensive and more meaningful. Stop that.
There are more appropriate terms that should replace the terms used.
I think calling them mentally or intellectually disabled get the point across more effective. No reason to speak like that at all.
You could say 'white idiots'. You may make a good point, but I can't tell based on the distracting random slurs.
Hmm, would have been a good joke without the bad language.
While I understand your outrage, this is not an appropriate way to respond to such news.
It's easy to sit and pass judgement on reddit while calling women names right?
Language that attacks a race is not allowed.
You can put this point across without the vulgarity or profanity too
Serving in military should have given your more sense than to call people names and oh thank you for your service, not.
Can't this be said without calling people retards or idiots?
Even casual use of the term "ret--d" is offensive and best avoided here.
Lol, no one is lower on the totem pole than you. That doesn't make sense.
If you want your argument to be taken seriously you shouldn't use that language so casually.
a whole convo on a touchy subject dealt with in civil manner, and you throw out the 'r' word so you dont have to think. you can do better.
Please do not talk down to others beliefs in religion and do not use a mental impairment as an insult.
It would be nice if you could take this seriously considering what is being alleged.
This is not a feed that allows hateful terms that refer to sexual orientation, and or religious affiliations.
It's startling that even when presented with the most empathetic possible connection that your answer is still violence.
cmon guys! every woman is not just sex parts and and avery man you dont like is not the 'r' word.
Do not use a mental impairment as an insult, and do not refer to women using that vulgar term.
Please separate your anger from the hateful comments toward innocent people.
I understand you want to get your point across but using that word doesn't help.
Please refrain from using hateful homophobic language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread.
Please obliterate the prejudicial comments and use more acceptable words.
It's a poor reflection of your character when you use that word.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It does nothing to contribute to the discussion in this thread.
Take out the damaging words and use kinder ones please.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing productive to the conversation at all.
Please exclude the language that is distressing to others.
Your perspective is difficult to understand when you use slurs like those.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this sub.
Please cease the abusive talk and express your thoughts in a way that is less hurtful to others.
That is a terrible thing to say about women. I really hope you meet a woman who treats you good and fall in love.
Please refrain from making insensitive comments towards a certain gender.
Please try to find a more intelligent word that isn't offensive to so many.
As a women I do believe men can be pushed aside during these times with STEM and it's wrong. But we must say so in a respectful way.
I can see that you are extremely defensive, however, please try to use more intelligent verbiage than offensive language.
Maybe if you explained that with less negativity the point would get across. Ladies do the same and we need to give the next guy a chance.
It is 2019 and that word is STILL offensive. Try again.
Spanish is the 2nd language in the USA and you'll make more money at most jobs if you learn it. I say learn 3 or 4 languages!
No need to put down homosexuals or churches
I understand your argument, but it's hard to agree with you when you use that word.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
it's been decades since people used words describing homosexuals as negative descriptors, get with the times!
Sounds like you guys agree, no need for racial slurs to make your point.
Please refrain from your use of racist or homophobic slurs in your posts.  The contribute nothing productive to the conversation of the sub.
All you're doing is trading insults so I am missing the basis of your argument.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It doesn't add anything productive to the conversation in this thread.
Both are equally derogatory terms and have no place in this forum.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation in this sub.
You're account has been suspended. Hate speech is not tolerated on Reddit. You can appeal your suspension by emailing a Moderator.
While you may have differing opinions from those you mock, the language you're using to express these differences is unnecessary.
The foul language can be replaced with many other more fitting words.
Hate speech of any kind is not tolerated on Reddit. We respect your right to an opinion but insist that you refrain from using this term. Ty
Your opinion is important, but please refrain from using ableist slurs when expressing your opinions.
We ask that you review our user policies concerning hate speech. In the future avoid such terms when commenting. Thank you.
Try using less graphic words to express your opinion, please.
Replacing the foul language with more appropriate words will make others take your opinion more seriously.
Out of respect for Redditors with physical and or mental disabilities we must insist you avoid such terms in the future. First warning. Ty
Please avoid using words that may be considered ableist by others.
The foul language used shows a lack of vocabulary.
Use of that word is not tolerated on Reddit. Please review our user policies and consider this a first warning. Thank you.
Your comment includes language that can be harmful. Try using other words to express your point of view.
It's very difficult to follow your argument when you use that word.
Avoid using demeaning terms that undermine certain populations
Avoid using sexual obscenities when referencing individuals.  Avoid profanity.
When you use those slurs it makes me immediately disregard your argument.
avoid using sexually expoitive language when referencing people and places
You could make your point more effectively if you didn't use such offensive slurs.
Using such a slanderous word to describe a woman shows a severe lack of respect.
I know you are expressing anger, but the word choice you used is vulgar and affects more than just those you are meaning to refer to.
Name calling leads to nothing but pointless arguments that have nothing to do with the topic at hand.
I know you are having an argument, but you used offensive language that is harmful towards women. You should use better words in the future!
The word choice you used is offensive to other women, and not just to the woman you are referring to. There are better words to be used.
I know you are expressing anger, but the word choice you have used is unnecessary and is offensive to women. Please use better word choice!
The term you have used is offensive to a whole community of people, and you should refrain from using it again! It can be harmful.
Avoid sexual profanity.  Use more socially appropriate descriptors when referencing people and actions
Using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender
Avoid sexual profanity. Utilize socially appropriate descriptors when referencing persons and places. Avoid deragatory and degrading words
Using the words 'twat and pussy' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender
Refrain from profanity when describing process (retarded) is taken as slander against  individuals with developmental disorders
Avoid using sexual profanity when referencing people.
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this woman specifically on the basis of her sex.
Using the word 'thundercunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Using the "c---" term pejoratively is offensive, unnecessary and should be avoided.
Such terms and language are not tolerated on Reddit. We ask that you review your user policies. This is a first warning. Thank you.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is gender-targeting hate speech and should always be avoided here.
We respect your right to your opinion but insist that you not employ such terms in the future. Thank you for your understanding.
Such language is not tolerated on Reddit. We ask that you review our user policies and refrain from said term in the future. Thank you.
I get that he lies a lot but the language is insulting to those that have real mental impairments and isn't fair.
Hey can you use a different word besides that one it rather offends me.
You seem to be using the sexist slur "cunt" to demean this woman on the basis of her sex in a hateful and bigoted manner.
Try to calm down and think this through rationally. Whatever the case a man should never attack a woman.
Guys can you please leave him alone, this speech isn't called for and makes you look undignified.
Can call her a lot of things but not that.
please don't make offensive remarks to people thanks
There are better ways to describe your disagreement than using sexist slurs.
Just say it is stupid.
I'm sure you don't mean to offend people with this serious medical condition.
Why do you need to call them that, maybe you aren´t responsible for your feelings.
Anti-female slurs don't help your argument.
That's just a word small minded men say to make themselves feel better.
I don't think words like that need to be used.
Insults based on gender or sexual orientation are not ok
Please refrain from making insensitive comments and from using profanity.
Offensive terms for females are not permitted.
All these false rap claims is out of control. They need to be put on their own list similar to sex offenders because their ruining lives.
Slang terms for female genitalia, or mentally disabled not permitted
Every country is different. We cannot make a valid argument about punishment in Holland vs the USA; very different.
Please refrain from discussing sensitive topics such as the Holocaust and using profanity.
Hitler & Nazi references may be perceived as racially offensive and should be removed.  Slang term for female genitalia is not permitted.
I also wonder who exactly decides what is funny or offensive online.
Slang term for mental disability not permitted.  Racial/Pro-White remarks not permitted.
Good for them. At least they still are welcoming foreigners.
Please don't use ableist words to describe a person.
Slang term for mental disability not permitted
This is very interesting. It seems like the push in STEM may end up a repeat of what happened in the factories.
This is still a hateful way to think and we must do better, even if it is a joke.
Use of a word that is derogatory is not helpful.
You may believe that you word used to stigmatise the mentally handicapped is not offensive, but those suffering do. Please use another word.
Please refrain from using retarded as a derogatory word.
A word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities is charged emotionally with hate.
Kindly avoid language that stigmatises or otherwise excludes the mentally handicapped.
Please refrain from using the word retarded to describe something you are unhappy with.  We can do better.
A word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities is emotionally charges with hate.
Please refrain from using words that may stigmatise or victimise minority groups, such as the mentally handicapped.
Why would you think that these women want to brainwash straight women?
This comment is evidently homophobic, including using historically pejorative language, and in this way is harmful and hateful.
Maybe instead of being offensive to the OP by calling them a neckbeard, you could try polite, reasoned responses in the future...
I am stating my own personal opinion, which you may not agree with. This does not give you any right to speak to me in that kind of way.
What makes you think it's ok to call the OP such an offensive term, try acting like an adult.
I do not think it is appropriate or nice to be saying that. Please be respectful of others self identity.
Try referring to what it actually says "sodomiser" instead of using hate speech... plenty of straight people engage in that behavior too.
This comment is violently homophobic, condoning violence against gay people, and using a hateful slur.
That language was unnecessary to convey your opinion. There are better ways to make your point.
Whoa there, no need to call her trash or dumb.
Let's have more respect here. There is no need for speaking like that about an underage person especially.
When you use that sort of language I immediately dismiss your perspective.
profanity and derogatory remarks are opinion not facts, stick to the facts
grammar suggestions will be done without profanity
I'd like to hear more of your perspective but it's hard to understand when you use that language.
constructive arguments are done without being combative
When you use that word it immediately invalidates your comment.
conversations here are done without batter
It's difficult to follow your argument when you use that sort of language.
bulling is not stopped by being over assertive
Some women are manly and they are important for today's society.
I feel like the word 'Retard' is an extremely hurtful word to use when describing someone you don't care for.
You shouldn't be insulting people who don't have the same opinions as you.
Sorry you feel that way, but because we live in a free nation each person has the right of free speech, even if you disagree.
I understand you don't agree with what is going on, but the word 'retard' is a very offensive way to describe someone you disagree with.
Use of a word derogatory towards people with mental disabilities doesn't add meaning.
I don't believe hate of all women is a justified critique of one woman.
Use of a word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities does not help to add meaning.
The use of a word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities adds a negative emotional charge and does not add any meaning.
Mentally disabled individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Using a word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities does not add to an argument.
Please refrain from using homophobic language in your posts.  It doesn't add anything of value to the conversation in this sub.
Using hateful misogynistic language is adding nothing to your argument or the conversation.  Please refrain in the future.
Please refrain from using ableist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing of value to the conversation
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation and gender and sex in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Please refrain from using homophobic or sexist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing productive to this conversation.
These people are passionate and sometimes overreact, but there is no fault in their intelligence.
This doesn't concern the mentally ill, there are other ways to define them.
I was riding along with your argument until the crude insult. In the future you can have more of an impact without it.
If your point is correct, it'll come through without name calling or slurs.
The terminology you guys use will turn this into an echo chamber. If you want to reach more people try to use less divisive language.
You don't need to make your case in such a negative way.
Wakanda doesn't exist because there are no magical super materials. No one can make a Wakanda.
That's racist, and no one thinks movies are real.
You really wanting something to be a fact and citing obviously biased, carelessly done studies doesn't make that a fact.
Such language is hateful towards women and uncalled for when attempting to criticize their choices
rHey there, sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Such hateful language is abhorrent and insulting to others of alternative orientation.
Casual use of such language denigrates and ultimately takes away the respect those with mental disabilities deserve.
Women have to claim their own time and efforts. What the original poster described does not merit the word you used.
That word is extremely rude and disrespectful towards women.
This post uses a word that is disparaging against female-identifying people.
Silencing an entire group of people, just because they don't agree with you, shows your close-mindedness and unwillingness to debate issues
Wishing that anyone should be raped falls on the side of hatred and is out of place here.
Don't use sexual choices as an insult.
"Fa--ot" as used here cause offense to many and does not belong in intelligent commentary
Don't use a gender based insult.
Both rampant misogyny and the pejorative use of the word "c--t" are offensive, unthinking, and hateful; all are forbidden here.
Using hateful ableist language in your posts adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this sub. Please refrain in the future.
I might choose a different adjective, it offends people with intellectual and developmental disabilities.
Please avoid using a mental impairment as an insult.
Using hateful ableist language in your posts adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion.  Please refrain in the future.
Your description is not appropriate because it offends  people that care for and support them.
Using hateful ableist language in your posts adds nothing of value to your argument or the conversation.  Please refrain in the future.
I would avoid using that term, It alienates and excludes them.
Hey now there is no reason to use vulgar terms to voice your opinion.
Please refrain from the use of hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread.
Stop using a disability as a way to insult forms
Please refrain from the use of hateful ableist language in your posts.  It does nothing to add to the conversation of the sub.
When you pepper your speech with that description, you are spreading hurt.
What is being said may or may not be true, but basing it all on their race is morally wrong.
Using foul language doesn't make a point of view any more valid.
The laws I been hearing about regarding women in UK not going to jail for non-violent crimes is sad.
Name calling and foul language shows a lack of understanding of the topic.
Well she shouldn't be leaving it behind but calling her that name is wrong too.
The foul language and name calling have absolutely nothing to do with the topic at hand.
We ask that you practice tolerance in your choice of terms as well and avoid such offensive terms in the future. Thank you.
mentally challenged*
Persons with disabilities. Reddit is for everyone. We thank you for your understanding.
by stating that she may in face be mentally ill for this and suggest that she does need the therapy
Your post can be written without using sexist language.
We ask that you express your ire using less offensive terms. We understand anger and debate, we do not tolerate hate here. Thank you
For the sake of fellow female Redditors we ask you to not use such terms. Thank you for your understanding and cooperation.
I think your point would come across better if you didn't use that kind of language.
Wow. Pretty violent comments on a fun video game post!
You should not use that term when voicing your opinion on others.
I agree with your position, but mocking seriously ill people is out of line.
Please do not use a mental disability as an insult to others or others political stance.
You shouldn't be insulting people who have different beliefs than you.
I agree completely with your argument, just not the hateful choice of words.
Abstain from using a mental impairment as an insult.
It is tough to take a feminist posting seriously when it uses anti-male slurs.
I understand your point but this was a poor choice of words and mocks a real medical issue.
Woah! Please do not compare others when using a term regarding mental disability.
Words derogatory towards men that are homosexual and women aren't necessary to add meaning.
The word 'cunt' is derogatory and offensive towards women and is unacceptable langue that should not be used.
A word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities is not helpful in adding meaning to a conversation.
The word 'retarded' is offensive to those with intellectual disabilities and the language here constitutes hate speech towards women.
A word that is derogatory towards African Americans is not helpful; it distracts me by making me wonder why you hate African Americans.
Calling a person a n****r and making horrible claims about eating their own children is racist hate speech and is unacceptable.
I don't believe there has ever been a situation that warranted the use of a word that is derogatory to all women.
The word 'cunt' is deragatory and offensive to women and is unacceptable langue that should not be used.
A word that is derogatory towards women doesn't add meaning; it is emotionally charged with hate.
No need to insult disabled people while disagreeing.
Use of hateful language regarding women was unwarranted.
Women are incredibly vulnerable. We need to be more accepting of minority groups. Please take this into consideration.
Please show more respect for your fellow female Redditors by choosing less offensive terms. Thank you for your cooperation
Obama is an incredibly smart man. Your comments are dangerous for the black community. Please take your racist comments elsewhere.
Reddit does not tolerate the use of such language. To avoid bans and supspended accounts please use better judgement in the future. Ty
It is important to protect women, as they are a vulnerable and oppressed group. Please rephrase your sentences.
Language people, we're better than that. We ask that you respect your fellow redditors in the future.
The language you have chosen may be incredibly offensive to some. I encourage you to rephrase your speech.
We ask that you consider word choice in the future. Free speech doesn't have to alienate people. Thank you for your understanding.
As a woman, I understand your frustrations. However, I encourage you to rephrase some of the offensive language you have chosen to use.
We ask that you engage in civil debate and refrain from using such profanity. We would rather avoid further action. Thank you.
Using a word that is derogatory to a person with a mental disability does not add meaning.
Instead of using an offensive word, maybe you can describe specifically what it is that is wrong about these people's train of thought.
The person we are talking about is despicable, however the word you used is derogatory towards women in general and is not appropriate.
Human nature is as always, predictable. As many people as there are we will always have varying opinions and feelings.
Your thoughts and opinions would carry more weight if you would focus more on your point and less on name calling.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please try to avoid it.
That word has no place in vocabulary anymore. Mike Pence isn't any better or worse than any other person either.
Quoting the "n word" here is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary.
One's heritage and feelings are no joke. Opinions will always vary on historical events but they all have a place as they are our past.
Using words like 'cunt' only make your views less valid.
Splitting the bill is fine so long as it is discussed beforehand.
Using the "tw-t" term malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Using such language to describe a woman shows one's true character.
Please hold police officers in equality, not basing off of gender.
There are much better words that can be used to replace foul language.
It is okay to not agree but, please respect other's sexual orientation.
Name calling has nothing to do with the topic whatsoever.
Replacing the foul language would make the post much more appealing to others.
Please refrain from using the 'r' word when describing your stance, as it is a sensitive word for a protected class.
Attacking someones disability is not allowed.
Excise the noxious commentary please from your conversation.
Please take out the slurs at people and be more gentle in your words.
Avoid using the damaging remarks and state your feelings with more compassion please.
You're talking about respect, but calling her a very disrespectful name.
No need to call her those things when she is still underage and learning how the world works.
I agreed with you until you called him a vulgar name.
More negativity thru words or violence will not help him in this situation.
Name calling and suggesting violent behavoir speaks to one's true character.
You could have made your point without the use of a slang term that mocks a serious illness.
Some good arguments but when you blast someone or group it sorta defeats your argument.
There are certainly more appropriate words that can be used to replace the foul language.
If it brings you joy to name call and mock other people, you may want to examine your own life.
Not all women are like that. People just like what they like and that's just how it is.
You can dislike him without offending people with this condition.
If you don't like his content you need to see it. Very simple to find something else you may like.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation or your argument.
I'd be more inclined to agree with you if you did not use that word.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It is not contributing in any productive way to the discussion.
It's very hard to follow your argument when you use these types of slurs.
Please refrain from the use of racist slurs in your posts.  It does nothing to contribute productively to the discussion in this sub.
Woah! This language is considered derogatory - please try to use more universally accepted terms when referring to groups of people
Your argument might play better here if you did not use that word.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It does nothing to contribute anything of value to the discussion.
Please be careful in the words you use when speaking with other users. These types of names can be considered offensive!
If you want people to know what you mean why don't you use accurate language.
What occured here has nothing do do with anyone's label of mother or daughter.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful
Disparaging someone because of their religionis not ok.
It is important to remember that the world is for everyone, and generalizing groups of people is dangerous.
There are better ways to decribe a place than resorting to foul language.
Mocking a serious medical issue is not funny or cool.
Anti-female slurs are a poor articulation of your disapproval.
How ironic that you're supporting women, yet using an anti-female slur.
That word mocks a serious medical issue, it doesn't mean "stupid" like you think it does.
Please refrain from the use of hateful ableist language in your posts.  It is not adding anything productive to the discussion or the sub.
You're trying to convince your coworker to see your point, yet using hateful terms while doing so.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It is not helpful to your argument or contributing to the discussion
Please use more respectful language when expressing your opinions. We thank you in advance for your understanding.
Refrain from such language please. Reddit is for everyone and we ask that you express your dissent respectfully.
Persons with disabilities. We insist that you remain civil in your discourse. Thank you.
Language people. Such terms are not acceptable on Reddit. This is your first warning. We appreciate your cooperation.
Your comment displays sexist/misogynistic notions about women that are harmful, and seems to use the slur "cunt" in a misogynistic way.
Using the "c---," term malevolently, and hate-fueled speech toward women, are offensive and should be avoided.
shit she did daredevil, and West Wing it cant be that bad
Just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean their opinion is not as valid.
"Re---d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families; please try and avoid this usage.
User 6: "faggot" is a hateful word and shouldn't be used. User 7: your comment objectifies and generalizes women in a harmful way.
The term "fa--ot" when used pejoratively is offensive to many people and so should not be used in a political commentary.
"Re---ds" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families; please try and avoid this usage.
Using a derogatory term is describe the people you dislike is not solving anything.
Using the "c---(y)" and "c--ts" term to refer to women is offensive, unnecessary and should be avoided.
Develop software the doesn't allow users to use foul language (cunt), along with suspending accounts or issuing warnings.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing of value to the discussion
Ban the use of foul language and suspend accounts that have been warned several times and possibly terminate their account.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It does nothing to contribute productively to the discussion.
Ban any use of derogatory terms (faggotry) and suspend the accounts who have numerous violations in this aspect.
Please refrain from using hateful homophobic language in your posts.  It contributes nothing of value to the conversation.
Don't allow users to even have the ability to use foul language, similar to Facebook where it's reported by a user and removed for review.
Please refrain from the use of hateful sexist language in your posts.  It does nothing to contribute to the conversation in this thread.
I get your point but watch the language.  It's really offensive.
Its inappropriate to use words that attack one based on race (nigger), mental disability (retarded,idiot), and sexual orientation (faggot)
Insults based on race or sexual orientation are not ok
If you are going to join in on a legit conversation, you might want to watch your language because it dilutes your arguments.
I get your argument, but watch some of the offensive terms a little.  You can still make your points without resorting to vulgarities.
You're certainly entitled to your opinion, but please watch the language.  Some of those words are quite offensive.
Please refrain from using hateful racist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion of this sub.
It's disturbing that it's presented as a funny joke to make racist insults here.
Just because you dislike someone doesn't mean that they deserve death.
I think you need to take a deep breath and consider when you started talking to people this way.
Please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language  in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread.
It must be exhausting to be on the lookout for people to behave this way toward.
Please refrain from using hateful homophobic language, as it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread.
Think about how this girl would feel if she knew that you were talking about her this way.
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they deserve to made fun of.
Please refrain from using hateful homophobic language in your posts.  It is not helpful to your argument or productive to the discussion.
There's no need to respond so violently to someone even if they are insulting you.
Your account is suspended. You can appeal this action by emailing a moderator. Please review our code of conduct in the meantime.
Show respect for your fellow Redditors. Further use of such terms will result in being banned. Thank you for your understanding.
Hey now, do not use hateful sexual orientation terms towards others.
Calling others names is a childish way to describe them.
I don't see how using language like that gets your point across.
Please do not use that hurtful term of a person disability to insult others.
This is one of the least intelligent conversations I've ever seen on Reddit.
Do not call others insulting names referring to female genitalia.
Using foul language doesnt make your point anymore valid than it would be without it.
Yeah, I second User 17. User 20, I'm sure you would not like to go to court for your opinion.
Wow do not use hateful terms when talking about races.
Using foul language and calling others names shows your true character.
Let's not resort to racism here, guys. candada is a great place.
Do not use sexual orientation to insult others in a hateful manner.
Calling someone a foul name speaks volumes about your character.
That's really unkind, this guy has a life.
Hey can we please talk about something else this is pretty offensive to refer to others with this slang.
OK people, tone it down.  This is a family website.  Thank you for keeping it clean and G-rated..
I agree that people can act wrong sometimes but it's no reason to use that type of language that's unfair to those demographics of people.
Please do not use derogatory language to describe women and people with intellectual disabilities.
I agree, but please, there are kids on this site.  Please watch the language.  Thank you.
I get that you feel strongly about this because you relate to it but that type of language is uncalled for.
Try to keep it family friendly on here please.
I'm sorry your mom went through such a hard time with her husband and gets caught into a stereotype because of it.
Try to keep it clean on here.  We're a family friendly website and we wish to keep it that way.
Use better language in place of "entitled cunt" please. There are so many other unoffensive ways you could put this.
Try to tone down the language, please.  There are children present.  Thank you.
I don't think that is necessary!
You do not need to use offensive language to convey your message.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing of value to the conversation
That's a word small minded men say to make themselves feel better.
You don't need to use degrading language.
Please refrain from using sexist language in your post.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread.
Just because she is a woman doesn't mean you have to use degrading language.
Using hateful misogynistic language is not contributing anything productive or valuable to the conversation.  Please refrain in the future.
There are much better words that can be used to replace the vulgar language.
Delving into ad hominems instead of refuting an argument substantively is the easiest way to show you're losing the discussion. Reel it back
The use of foul language and name calling does nothing more than create pointless arguments.
Woah, do not use that vulgar term when talking about the female gender.
Using "c--ts" malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
We ask that you refrain from hate speech when expressing your opinions. Reddit is for everyone. Thank you.
Please do not use that term when referring to women
Using the "c--ts" term to refer to women is offensive, unnecessary and should be avoided.
Hate speech of any kind is not tolerated on Reddit. We ask that you choose your words more carefully and review our user policies. Ty.
Avoid using a mental impairment as an insult
The malevolent, hateful and reflexive use of "re---ds" evidenced here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please avoid it.
Reddit is for everyone, including those with disabilities. Please review our user policies and consider this a first warning. Thank you.
Stop using a mental disability as an insult.
The malevolent  and reflexive use of "re---ded" here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please avoid it.
Reddit is for everyone. We insist that you not use that term again. This is a first warning. Thank you for your understanding.
Do not use a mental impairment as an insult when posting.
The pejorative use of "re---ded" here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please avoid it.
We ask that everyone on Reddit refrain from hate speech and maintain civil discourse. This is a first warning. Thank you for understanding.
His logic is misguided if anything, but he has a point.
Language that demeans based on disability isn't acceptable
Demeaning someone because of gender isn't ok
Agreed, we shouldn't make rash statements about others based on a limited amount of data.
"Retardation" as used here offends many and so should be avoided.
Regardless of current words, it would be useful for us as a society to tailor our language to better represent all of our members.
Avoid language that imparts agression. Refrain from using language that is dergatory towards certain poopulations (i.e. devlopmental disable
The pejorative use of "cu-ts," and rampant misogyny, are not permitted here.
Rather than dwell on outrage, energy is better spent understanding why we take issue with these things, and how we may improve them.
Refrain from using sexually explicit language
The pejorative use of "cu-t," "bi--h," and rampant misogyny, are not permitted here.
She is unjustified in that behavior, but a more level-headed approach to justice will have longer-standing effects.
Avoid using profanity, gender-biased terms,  and sexually exploitive descriptors.
The pejorative use of "ret--d" and "c--t" offend many and so are best avoided here.
Avoid intimidating language, avoid profane and dergatory terms.  Avoid degrading terms, especially when directied at people.
Both the term "c--ts" and hateful misogyny are forbidden in this forum.
Politics aside, remember that they are people beyond their ideologies.
Avoid profane language when referncing individuals.   Look for replacements for profanity, and use socially appropriate substitutes.
Please refrain from using hateful and ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to your argument or the thread.
Please refrain from using hateful homophobic language in your posts.  It adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in the thread
Hey there, homophobic and derogatory are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Wow. You seem like a very angry individual.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion in the thread
hey there, homophobic and derogatory slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your post.  It adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to your argument or the conversation
Hey there, sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank You
Using a derogatory term to describe people you don't like also makes fun of those with mental disabilities.
Do not use a mental disability to insult others in your post.
Just because someone is not as smart as you does not mean they are less than you.
Woah, there is no place here for hateful sexual orientation terms.
Just because somebody likes the same sex does not mean they are less than you.
Please do not use a disability as an insult. This is a place to voice opinions maturely.
Just because someone has a different belief than you does not mean your opinion is better than theirs.
"Ret---ed" used here offends the mentally disabled and their families.
When expressing your opinion we must insist you not use that term. Hate speech is not tolerated on Reddit. Thank you in advance.
Use of "the r word" may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided in otherwise intelligent discourse.
Although we understand the self reference, out of respect to fellow Redditors we must insist you not use that term in the future. Ty
Calling women "c--ts" is hateful, humiliating and demeaning; it should be avoided here.
Hate speech is not tolerated. Your account is suspended. You can appeal this action by emailing a Moderator.
Calling women a "c--t" is hateful, humiliating and demeaning; it should be avoided here.
Hate speech is not tolerated on Reddit. Any further usage of said term will result in account suspension. Please review our user policies.
Using "fa--ot" as a term of hate spreads that venom to the entire gay community and as such must be avoided here.
Hi there, Sexist and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
This thread is closed and your accounts are suspended. You can appeal this action by emailing a Moderator. Thank you, have a nice day.
Name calling the people you don't like isn't going to help anything.
Using a derogatory term to describe someone you dislike isn't going to change anything.
Its inappropriate to use 'beta-faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
Using the word 'retardation' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Just because you disagree with someone's beliefs doesn't mean their opinion is less valid than yours.
when you use that word in that manner it just shows that you are not thinking.
please dont insult a whole gender while you are trying to judge an individual.
cmon man. dont insult every woman in the world because you are mad at one man. lol.
Hate-fueled generalization about "muzzies" is offensive and banned here.
those might be family but i  am not and that is a bit insulting.
Maybe, but using "c--t," offends most people, communicates only ignorance, and so is not welcome here.
That's a offensive term, please refrain from using such words in the future.
These terms are offensive and should not be used in conversations.
Using such terms to describe an individual is inappropriate. Please be aware this term is offensive to those with mental disabilities.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (retards) . Refrain from such words.
Please do not stereotype people by age.
Do not be insensitive to peoples experiences, or use sexual innuendos to put others down.
Please do not use derogatory phrases to stereotype people.
Its inappropriate to use terms that refer to one's mental disabilities.
The term you have used is very offensive to the disabled community, and is not necessary to use. There are better words that can be used.
Ok, this language isn't appropriate. Watch it, please.
These comments are very offensive to the disabled community, people of color, and the LGBT community. You need to use less harmful words.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability or one that demeans a person's race does not promote understanding.
This language is absolutely disgusting. I'm speechless. You need to reevaluate your life choices.
I know you are expressing anger, but the term you used is highly offensive to the disabled community. You need to use less harmful words.
This whole conversation is ridiculous, but please watch your language.
The words you have chosen to use are extremely vulgar, and offensive to a whole community of women. You need to use better word choice.
Watch the language please. This is not appropriate.
The word choice you have used can be viewed as harmful and offensive, and there are better words you could have used to express dislike.
This language is marginal. You're toeing a line.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (retarded) and gender (cunt, bitch).
Insults based on nationality or race are not ok
You probably shouldn't try to combat one kind of hate with another kind of hate.
I think we're all past using something this hurtful in a serious discussion.
Using a derogatory term against someone you disagree with makes fun of the people with actual mental disabilities.
Please don't share hurtful stereotypes specifically to foment hate against Arabic people.
Judging an entire race or religion on the actions of a few people doesn't make any sense.
This is a pretty hateful assumption to make about an entire country of people.
I wish you could meet the people who are hurt by you using this word.
Using the words 'retarded and idiot' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability.
Please refrain from attacking people regarding sensitive topics such as assault.
Please refrain from using hateful and ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to your argument or the discussion.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread
I wasn't sure a man could be a feminist until I read an article recently. It seems there's actually a lot of men who agree with the ideas.
When you use that word it invalidates the point you're trying to make.
As a female I also think Kavanaugh was used as a pawn, and was never guilty of rape.
Your argument is greatly hindered by the use of that word.
I don't think she was wrong for leaving the note, but she could of been a bit nicer about her words.
When you use that word it makes me not want to listen to your perspective.
Your post can be written without using sexist words.
The more people keep buying into these corporations, the more products their going to make. We are actually the problem.
Don't use language that could be offensive to those with inellectual disabilities.
That is a bit extreme. So as a female I can do anything I want except a major crime and not go to jail; not a good idea.
I understand you have a point you want to make but when you use that word it's hard to want to listen.
Generalizing an entire country like that is false and unnecessary. It is also never okay to suggest suicide just because you don't agree
A better response to user 5's verbal attack would have been to simply ignore, rather than strike back based on their country of origin.
This post targets a user based on their national origin, please do not do this.
Just because you don't agree does not mean that you should call into question someone's intelligence with an ableist slur
Even if she can't get her projects done, it's still not okay to use namecalling and slurs to make your point
Please refrain from using sexist language in your posts.
Using gendered and homophobic terms to imply weakness is detrimental to society, and implying a man needs to be "strong" is also problematic
Expressing a a thought does not require the use of bigotry to be heard.
Please do not use homophobic and sexist remarks in your posts.
Please don't make abusive remarks to people thanks
Though you may not realize it, the word choice you have used is incredibly vulgar and can be offensive to women. Use better words!
Please don't make sexist remarks thanks
This is incredibly offensive to women, and your word choice needs to be improved to prevent harm. It hurts more people than you think.
Please don't make abusive remarks thanks
The word choice you are using is very insulting and vulgar, especially since it targets women and rights. You need to use better words!
That hateful language ruins your point and is unproductive.
Let's find out what the penalties are for men and women in this situation.
Keep the language civilized and we will all enjoy your contributions to the conversation.
I don't think we know what she actually got.  Did she say she needed help?
Hateful language hurts the discussion...Please try again.
I think there are some things we can agree on, let's focus on that.
Please be civilized in the conversation here.
I think not everyone would be interested just because she is a woman.
Keep the language civil to promote a more thoughtful dialogue please.
I don't think that you can make a blanket statement like that, what are the examples?
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't solving any problems.
You should really apologize and not act so entitled yourself.
Making fun of someone or using their disability, no matter how serious is pretty shallow.
Name calling someone isn't going to change the situation.
Calling someone names based on their gender is just a reflection of your character, which seems to be pretty shallow.
No need to be so vicious. I find it hard to be around the elderly, too, but they did grow up in a totally different world than us.
start a conversation about why men judge women harder than they would another man
I have no idea why you guys think talking like that helps your case or argument. Stop it.
But that doesn't mean it's the right thing to say. It doesn't take that much extra effort to use less hateful language.
ban users who use hate speech
That term doesn't have a place anywhere. Stop it.
Terms like "pigs," "c--t" and "ret--ded," and the venomous hatred in which they are embedded here, are inadmissible in this forum.
Smell is a perfectly normal body function, being offended by it is like being offended that the wind blows!
Or maybe she was so terrified that she just can't remember.  You weren't there so you can't say what actually happened or not.
The intellectually delayed have nothing to do with this, and there is nothing wrong with wanting fair and equal treatment for everyone!
Using the hate term  "c---" malevolently, especially in the marked absence of any other content, is offensive and should be avoided.
No, women will not be silent! Our anatomy proudly queefs in your general direction loudly!
"Shitc--t" used here is so offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
You have no right to be happy over this, it is a failure of our justice system for both sides and your impudent rage at her isn't helping.
Dang, dude, just say 'stupid'! Your sentiment comes through just fine without icky words. You can be smart.
There is no reason to use such hate speech. Your post will be reported, and if this continues you will be banned.
Whoa whoa whoa, there buddy! There are plenty of insults to hurt without being derogatory!!!
If you continue to use this kind of speech, we will be forced to report and ban you from future use.
These kinds of words can be seen as offensive and derogatory. Please be careful with the words you choose!
You can talk about these people in a better way without that word. Using that word only detracts from your otherwise helpful comment
Woah! Please try to avoid using such derogatory words. Instead, make your point using a more universally accepted word. Thank you!
Your post is meaningless and devoid of any content, nor does it even match the OP. Additionally hashtags do nothing on Reddit
Yet again, education fails. Let's use common sense when we don't know, don't comment.
"Retard" and "retarded" are hateful words that are used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability, and should not be used.
I can't stop laughing that you are worried. Pretty sure more girls out here looking for a relationship than her. Go look.
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt", as well as "whore", to demean women on the basis of sex in a hateful manner.
When in doubt, don't answer.
I think you should talk to the girls who are affected and see why they wanted this.
You must not know the actual definition of feminism.
This is an inappropriate way to share your thoughts. It sounds like you have a disagreement with the media. Could you rephrase your point?
I don't understand why people with disabilities are a part of this conversation.
The truth is the truth.
I understand you are tired of the recent conspiracy-trend; there is at times truth to the concern though. Can you elaborate more?
This is not factual information.
A lot of your commentary is unnecessary. With that said, I would like to hear more about the actual content of your comment.
These conspiracy theories are extreme and alarming, try repeating them out loud.
Why do you feel threatened?
I don't think some of what's being noted here is applicable. Can you elaborate further on your thoughts regarding gender inequality?
This isn't harming you in any way, and should not make you this angry.
Do not generalize.
There are a lot of opinions here and a lot of disagreement about certain terminology. Perhaps we could talk more about the need for this?
The foul language used makes it difficult to read the post.
Using language that offends people through bigotry and gender terms as well as intelligence is useless and does not help.
I would appreciate if you didn't use such hateful speech to express your disagreement
The foul language and insinuations used here show a lack of vocabulary as well as speak volumes about their character.
The language is completely inappropriate and should not be used as it attacks women and is distasteful.
Hey, I understand your point but it would probably be a bit stronger without the extra insults!
The name calling shows a lack of knowledge on the topic being discussed.
Using language with cuss words offends people and some words can be a direct attack to people with different orientations. Try to avoid it.
I think it would be more helpful if you expressed your counter-argument without hate speech
The opinion would be more valid with out the use of all the foul language.
When one uses language that attacks intelligence that is in the realm of specials needs it is harassment and is not accepted.
I think you could reach your target a little better without the extra insults - if you could clarify what you meant by those.
There are way better words that can be used to replace all of the foul language.
Racist words are not socially acceptable in society anymore and need to be avoided at all costs.
Nobody back in the day would want to smack someone and resort to name calling as an answer.
You are being temporarily suspended. Please review our user policy and code of conduct.
When you use that word it automatically invalidates your point.
Please refrain from using such terms out of respect for your fellow female Redditors. Thank you.
I understand that you have a point to make but it's very hard to commiserate with you when you use that word.
Just because you do not like something such as a major doesn't make it right to look down on others.
Persons with disabilities. Reddit is for everyone. Thank you for understanding.
The justice system will punish him to the fullest extent, there is no point of becoming just like the criminal.
While your feelings are valid we ask that you use less offensive terms out of respect. Your fellow female Redditors thank you.
I'd be more interested in your perspective if you didn't use that word.
*Homophobia has entered the chat*
I think delusional hotpocket has a tastier meaning.
Speaking about women in such a manner shows a lack of respect.
The fact that you responded in such a way makes me wonder if you and your mom have a good relationship. I think you need a hug.
Inspiring violence and hoping for domestic abuse is kinda bad, ya know.
I agree, she is in the wrong, but this anti-female slur isn't necessary.
Speaking such foul names about women shows a serious lack of respect.
Just call them stupid.
That is not a very articulate description, and is actually highly offensive.
Foul language doesn't make your point of view any more valid.
Morons or Idiots works instead dude.
The post was funny, but your hateful comment wasn't necessary.
This man was clearly disabled and it's so sad this happened to him. I pray he finds real love.
Let's get back to the fact she spit on a cop. I don't care what color or race she is. That is disrespectful and deserves jail.
Hate speech is a reflection of the person it's coming from.
All this for a logo. Come on now let's be adults. If we don't the logo than stay away from their stuff. Don't buy it or buy into the drama.
Please stop this name calling, it completely drags down what was an otherwise good discussion.
Women have often played a huge role in war, and using an ableist slur to imply lack of intelligence does nothing to further your argument
I haven't seen these lies you are referring to, and while that accusation was weird the "r" word is hurtful to use, especially in context
Obesity is a serious medical condition and shaming isn't going to help those suffering, though gendered insults aren't the proper response
Someone's weight has nothing to do with this. I don't see the connection at all.
Calling someone a name based on their gender is a bit of an odd way to show disdain for their attitude
It wasn't stupid but it did need more relevant content.
I've never heard anyone on the left using SJW like that,using an ableist slur to imply lack of intelligence is hurtful to people with autism
Interesting I didn't know there was a modern and old school feminist difference.
Don't use a medical condition based insult.
Using a derogatory term to describe someone you don't like puts down those people with actual mental disabilities.
We ask that you avoid such terms in the future, even when upset, and employ more appropriate language. This is your first warning, ty.
Please express your opinions without using such offensive terms. Reddit is for everyone, regardless of background.
Please refrain from such hate speech. You can express your opinion using less offensive and more accurate terms. Ty
MTLP467
Even if this is a true account, one person hurting you does not mean you should hurt them.
This is a damaging view of women that is likely to harm your relationships.
I wish that you would prioritize the rule of law over your ideology.
She must suffer the consequences of joining such a horrific group.
Poor kid. She is only 17 years old and doesn't know their customs. She will never make it.
I can understand your anger, but her actions aren't because of her gender so please don't be insulting in that way.
Dating tall women is your preference, then I see nothing wrong with it.
My ex was a couple inches shorter than me. It isn't a big deal. You get used to it after a while.
While you may be trying to be humorous using those terms, they're offensive to one's race and even disabilities.
Being gay does not make you bad person and not every gay person wants you.
I have zero gay friends, but honestly I want one!  The men have better taste than the female friends I do have!
It's fine to feel secure in your sexual preference and manhood, but please don't insult someone because of their sexual preference.
Some feminists are confused to what they actually want from men, but they have a place here on earth as well.
I understand you're position but using these negative terms will not help your cause.
When you refer to feminists with such vile names, it only supports their point, which I assume isn't your agenda.
The student who threw the chocolate milk on the students should be faced with battery charges.
Wow that is a little bit pushing it... I mean the kid is going to have a record over spilled milk.
I can see you would like attention, and that's fine, but maybe try a different way than using a term offensive to women.
Using words insulting people basedon a qulaity they have no control over is an exguahsted insult. It is not helpful to anyone.
Woah! Please be careful in the words that you use - maybe try a less derogatory, more universal term instead. Thank!
Name calling someone you dislike isn't going to help anything.
Refering to women using language like that is insulting to half of the human race. Women desvere to be listen to and respected like everyone
Please be careful with the words you use! Your message point can be made using more universal terms. Thanks for understanding!
Just because you dislike something doesn't mean you should make fun of disabled people.
Using words that are used for people with disabilites furthers stigma against poeple with disabilites.It degrades people who deserve respect
These types of words are considered derogatory and offensive. Please refrain from their use and instead, use more universal terms!
Using words that are used to degrade people with disablilites is ignorant and no need for your argument. It takes away from the argument.
Please be careful in the words you use! Instead, we can use more universal names to make our points. Thanks for understanding!
That's a real kick out of making other people feel miserable.
This language is hurtful to women, and could be expressed in a much better way.
This language is unnecessary and hurtful to women.
That particular term is offensive to people with intellectual disabilities and their families.
If you were reported you well deserved it! Women can speak for themselves no thanks to people like you!
This subReddit is being immediately closed. Please review the code of conduct and consider yourselves warned. Thank you.
she is quite silly sometimes, I stick googly eyes to her.
You are being banned from this thread. We appreciate you making more respectful choices in the future. Thank you
People with intellectual disabilites are too smart to be involved here.
Persons with disabilities from now on please, we appreciate your cooperation.
Just because you don't like something doesn't mean that its not important to someone else.
Imagine what we could do together to advance humanity, rather than sitting behind screens name calling. Please rise above this.
Name calling people you disagree with isn't going to change anything.
Not everyone can get a job. She may be disabled, or mentally ill. Either way she is a human and does not deserved to be called that.
I get your point but using the term faggot diminishes it a lot.
Gay people are very intellectual and excel in whatever they do. Im not sure that is what u mean to imply with thatcomment. Please try again
Wow! Please do not use that vulgar term when talking about females.
Using the words 'cunt and slut' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Stop using that sexually vulgar term when referring to women.
Please do not use hateful racial slurs on your posts.
Stop using that sexual vulgar term when talking about a female.
Using the words 'cunt and twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
opinions are to be given without profanity
That's a pretty sorry response.  I can't even focus on your point because of the offensive language.
comments are to be made without quoting negative speech and within political correctness
I think your argument makes sense, but your point is getting diluted by the harsh language.  I'd back off it a bit.
hate speech is not prohibited
I don't necessarily agree with what she was doing either, but by using those abrasive words you are weakening your points.
you can be informative without using derogatory racist terms
I appreciate the explanation of the terms, but maybe we can have a civilized conversation without the slang jargon.
points can be made without derogatory comments
I think your point is valid, but I'd watch some of the derogatory terms because it detracts from your argument.
I agree with you to a point but it's rather offensive to call others that word. It's ok to feel strongly about something but using slangisnt
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion or your argument.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion.
I wouldn't compare disabilities to this.
Hey can you refrain from saying that word it's not necessary and kind of offends me.
I get that you have strong feelings for her I've went through something similar with my girl but try to calm down a bit and think over thing
Hey now try to calm down. Let's take this to the police and let them handle it.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.   It adds nothing productive to the conversation in this subreddit.
Please avoid using language that may offend or marginalise the mentally ill, or any other minority groups.
Language that attacks someones sexuality is not allowed.
Please avoid using language that may offend or marginalize any minority groups, such as lesbians in this case.
Its inappropriate to use 'dyke-n-hiemer' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
Please avoid using language that may offend or marginalise the mentally ill.
Stop using someones mental impairment to voice your opinions.
Hi, not to call you out as much as just note language - it is way classier to be able to throw insults without slurs - and hits harder.
When voicing your opinions do not use that vulgar sexual term.
You could just say 'grow up to act spoiled and entitled', no need to make yourself look like you hate all women.
Do not use that sexually vulgar term when talking about a person.
I don't understand why you gotta use slurs to talk about your disdain for this woman. She's already in the wrong.
Using language like that speaks volumes about one's character.
Try to rephrase your words. When you denigrate those with disabilities, you are immediately less trustworthy.
Try not to put down those with disabilities. You will be taken much more seriously.
The foul language would be better replace by more appropriate words.
When you use that term your argument becomes null and void.
I am pretty sure using that term doesn't help your argument.
Yeah, that term doesn't really add anything to this, so there's no point in using it.
I am pretty sure you can make your point without resorting to that language. Come on now.
While I can agree with the sentiment, using gendered insults as name calling isn't really necessary
There is no need to use gendered insults even if you disagree with her acts. She also has a right to be upset about being denied her title
Using "Ret--ds" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
Hate-fueled words like "c--t" and "ret--d" are offensive, bigoted, and should not be used in political discourse here.
Using the term "c--ts" pejoratively is so offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
"Ret---ation" and "ret--ded" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families, please avoid these terms.
Pejorative use of the word "dyke" can cause offence and detract from any point being made.
Please don't use words that are counterproductive and deleterious to others.
Stop using that vulgar term when talking about females and do not use hateful terms regarding sexual orientation.
When you use words like those it reflects poorly on your character.
Please search for another way to express your disdain than hurtful words.
Please do not use hateful terms regarding sexual orientation on this feed.
Please use more respectful language when telling your viewpoint.
Please do not refer to women to that vulgar term and do not use that racist term regarding someones religion.
Please avoid the remarks that are hateful even if you are upset.
Do not use someones gender identity as an insult to others.
It's a shame you use a word like that, as it makes it hard to listen to your point of view.
No need for such offensive language.
Hey, I think you should watch your language...I'm sure the woman is extremely nice and a kind soul!
Please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts.  It doesn't aid your argument or add anything of value to the thread
There's plenty of ways to express yourself without profanity.
While false accusations are serious, we should try to sympathize with those who ARE telling the truth. Hear their side of the story.
Using hateful sexist language isn't adding anything productive to the thread.  Please refrain from doing so in the future.
You can make your point without the nasty language.
Hello! Just a friendly reminder that your words are offensive. There are so many reasons not to use the "R" or "C" words!
Please refrain from using ableist or sexist language in your posts.  It is not contributing anything productive to the conversation.
That word needs to be abolished from your vocabulary, as well as everyone else's.
This word is the ultimate insult and used to belittle others. I encourage you to look up the word's history. The results may surprise you.
Totally unnecessary to use hateful language about disabled people to express your opinion.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It does nothing to help your argument or contribute to the conversation.
Your point would be received better if you didn't use that slur.
It was unnecessary to use hateful language for women in your response.
Please refrain from the use of hateful ableist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing productive to the conversation.
No reason to use hateful language about disabled people to disagree with previous user.
Stop using a persons sexual orientation as a means to be hateful to others.
Remove message and warn the poster of inappropriate conversation.
There is no place for that sexually vulgar term on feeds.
Trolling here is not acceptable and neither is calling people names. This is a legitimate post and your comments are not welcome here.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It does nothing to help your argument or add to the discussion
You may not like her, but there is no need for the abusive language. She is still a human being with feelings.
Please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts.  It does nothing to add to the discussion in this thread.
You don't need to call them names or vulgar language to make your point. The validity of your post just dropped.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread.
The way you talk about women, makes anything you say afterward get ignored.
Name calling someone with a different opinion than you isn't going to solve any problems.
It's considered hostile to reduce a person to a part of the body.
That term reminds of the centuries America wasn't so great.
Just because someone has a different opinion than you does not mean they are stupid.
A sign of strength is the ability to not attack people who disagree with you.
I hear you, but that term is quite offensive to both males and females.
"Re---ded" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and so is best avoided.
Mentally disabled individuals are highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
I understand both sides here, but watch some of the terms associated with the mentally challenged.  They are quite offensive.
"Re---d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and so is best avoided.
Your argument would be better received if you didn't use that word.
I don't feel like the "inbred" and ableist slur comment was really necessary and it doesn't add any value to the discussion
Minus tolerance and acceptance that's inaccurate. Homophobic language was unnecessary, especially in defense of LGBT people
I want to have this conversation with you, but I can't when you use that word.
I get that you have a point to make, but using that word is not the way to do it.
People mislabeling other people is not cause to use a word that is harmful to those with a mental condition, regardless of how you feel
Disagreeing with someone else is not cause to call them a name that people with mental conditions have ask people to not use
Please avoid using sexually vulgar terms regarding genitalia on these posts
Stop using mental impairments as insults.
Wow do not reply if you cannot not avoid using that sexually vulgar term
When you use that word it makes your argument unreadable.
Please do not respond if you cannot refrain from using that vulgar term.
It's very hard to understand your perspective when you use that kind of language.
Please refrain from using that sexually vulgar term on posts.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It doesn't add anything of value to your argument or the conversation
Please do not use that sexually vulgar term when insulting others.
It's hard to take your argument seriously when you use that slur.
There are much better ways of describing something besides resorting to foul language.
hey guys, i know the 'r' word just gets used as a catch all so maybe we could watch out for that.
Name calling speaks volumes about ones character.
Suggesting someone is fat or gay is disgraceful, you guys should spread more love than hate. Spreading positivity will come back to you.
there are a lot of correct words you guys can use to make the same points.
Talking down on women in such a way shows a serious lack of respect.
Feminist have a right to spread their views on matters. They are doing so in a positive manner, you are spreading hate. Spread love User 1.
i cant take that argument seriously until you stop lumping all women together with those terms.
There are much better words that can be used to describe someone.
Although it has been proven some women have falsely accused men of rape, it should be known rape is real. Be respectful towards those women.
a million words you could have picked  yet you decide not to think. i just dont know what that means.
Name calling and foul language do not make a point of view any more valid.
Even though you are expressing your views, you should never call anyone the c word. This is real life for these people, be respectful.
could you use your real thought here. you have insulted a man with a ladies slur that lumps all women together. i just dont understand.
Ah, let's try to keep gay people out of this nonsense and focus on the topic.
I completely understand your frustration, but naming call doesn't get us anywhere.
Do not use hateful terms regarding someones sexuality to insults others.
You could have worded that better without using that langue. You are better than that my friend.
Stop using a mental disability as an insult to other posters
We can disagree without being insulting.  If you don't like his opinion, you can always just scroll by.
I am just as shocked as you. I agree completely but i wished you could have said that differently.
Refrain from using hateful sexual orientation terms to be rude.
I hear you but not all women are like that. Thank you for your input but your're better than to use words like that.
Do not use that sexually vulgar term when talking about genders.
Hello fellow gamers, I know what you mean. The old school games were legendary and these crap ones are crap but you could have said better.
Do not use those vulgar words and hurtful terms regarding disability when responding to others.
When you use that word it's really hard to take your perspective seriously.
It's very difficult for me to discuss this further with you when you use that slur.
I don't even know what that string of hate means, it's just a bunch of slurs strung together.
We don't tolerate misogynistic or homophobic language here.
That isn't respectful to say of a woman. Perhaps comment on her crime and educated us instead.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean you should use a derogatory term against them.
There is nothing wrong with a kid trying to take apart a clock and reassemble it. That is what I used to do with my toys as a kid.
Using a derogatory term against someone you disagree with is putting down people with mental disabilities.
Calling something "gay" pejoratively transmits hatred and should be avoided.
I love pumpkin spice and so does my husband. I assure you this has nothing to do with our sexual preferences.
The notion that "c--t," used pejoratively, can ever NOT be a term of hatred is illusory.
That word really refers to a female dog. So calling a woman such a name is beyond degrading and we deserve more respect.
Slang terms for females are not permitted.
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" (or "cnt") to demean this woman specifically on the basis of her sex in a hateful manner.
Please eliminate the hurtful language and use words that aren't so offensive.
Offensive terms for mental disabilities are not permitted
Please remove the attacks on people who have intellectual disabilities and just state your concerns.
Slang terms for males & females are not permitted
Please take care in the words you use as these comments are very harmful to others.
I don't see any reason to attack others based on their gender and beliefs.
This word is holding our society back from taking the next intelligent leap.  Please find and use another word.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to target others because of their gender.
I'm not sure who you are referring to with this intellectual verbiage but please try to find a better, less shockingly horrible word.
Please don't use insulting words to attack people of a certain race.
I feel like you probably know this already because you are a human being, but please refrain from this verbiage.
Using sexist insults in your posts doesn't add anything to your argument or the substance of the conversation.  Please refrain in the future
Language that offends someones sex or gender is not allowed.
Please refrain from including hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to the conversation of the sub.
Language that offends someones sex is not allowed.
Please refrain from including hateful misogynistic language in your posts.  It doesn't add anything productive to the conversation
Using hateful sexist language in your posts doesn't aid your argument or add to the conversation.  Please refrain in the future.
Please refrain from including hateful ableist language in your posts.  It doesn't add anything productive to the sub's conversation.
Language that offends someones physical or mental disability is not allowed.
Your vocabulary is so limited. Don't you know any other words?
If you don't like the way she looks then don't look, it's simple. We all have a right to look how we want to; purple, green, or blonde hair.
I'm sorry you feel that way about freely expressing their rights to choose.  I hope you can be at peace one day.
I may not agree with certain agendas either, but they do have a right to expression and free speech. Don't entertain it if it bothers you.
I get you're trying to stand up for people, but your point is lost in bad language.
Anyone lying about rape should be arrested. Each case should be treated uniquely and punishment accordingly.
Your banter causes people pain. You should reconsider your choice to be that way.
What we did years ago as jokes isn't acceptable anymore. Older generations have a hard time accepting this.
Using retarded to describe someone as inferior is hate speech, do not use it here.
Using cunt as an insult is hate speech. Do not use it here.
Hey there, Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
Language that insults based on gender is not acceptable
Language that demeans someone because of their race isn't ok
Language that insults based on gender is not ok
Language that demeans based on gender isn't ok
@User 2. There is no reason for name calling here. Let's keep this conversation civil.
Namecalling isn't the best way to dispute opposing opinions. While the violent response is unfortunate, the alternative is moreso.
Rape is about control and dominance over another person and besides everyone has different tastes. There's no reason to be nasty about it.
These people have went though some horrible things. You shouldn't insult them.
If you hate to demean real rape victims, then perhaps insulting those who may have been raped is a poor route to take.
User 3/5 your wording is offensive and makes no logical sensel to the rest of us as this conversation has nothing to do with gay or straight
"Raging faggot" really has no meaning relevant to your comment unless you are intending to be homophobic. Precise verbage = better here.
Frankly I don't like your tone
Please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts.  It is adding nothing of value to the conversation.
I'm sure there are other more articulate words you could have chosen.
While true such language is not tolerated on Reddit. We insist that you refrain from it's usage. Thank you for your understanding.
How would you feel if someone called you that word?
Mocking a medical condition is cruel and has nothing to do with your argument.
We insist that you respect your fellow Redditors with mental and or physical abilities and avoid such language in the future. Thank you.
Using this language makes people feel badly. There are ways you can rephrase this speech to communicate your point without being offensive.
That word isn't funny, it's really hurtful to people facing that challenge in their life.
Not to rain on your parade but per our user policies we must insist that you refer to Peter Griffin as having mental disabilities. Thank you
How would you feel if someone used that word to describe you? Try to use language that does not offend others.
Your comments are impertinent and fail to communicate your ideas effectively, or even coherently.
Reddit is for everyone. Hate speech is not tolerated. You have been permanently banned.
While I respect your general skepticism, I would advise that you peruse the scientific literature on the subject of asexuality.
We ask that you respect your fellow Redditors with disabilities when commenting. Consider this a first warning. Thank you.
There's nothing stupid about wanting to be portrayed accurately in media.
It is easy to let yourself become trapped within the limitations of your own preconceived notions. Give your co-workers a chance.
Reddit does not tolerate  hate speech. Your accounts are suspended. You can appeal this action by emailing a Moderator. Ty, have a nice day.
Perhaps you should consider that these women are working as nurses because they're good at their job.
Please refrain from transphobia when writing your posts.
We ask that you refrain from such offensive langue, or be guilty of double standards and hypocrisy. If you want respect give respect. Ty
You have many labels for those you dislike, help me understand what they mean.
This post is antisemitic, please do not write such things.
This discussion has veered into dangerous territory. This reddit has been permanently close. Refrain from such language in the future. Ty
Please do not use sexist language in your post.
Please express your understandable ire with more appropriate language out of respect for our female Redditors.
What are you hoping to accomplish?
Yet, using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided, so there's that.
Avoid using sexually inappropriate words in your posts
Why not educate someone who doesn't understand? Making them feel bad about not understanding is unlikely to better the situation.
A persons disability should not be used as an insult
Even if most don't agree with them, everyone is entitled to their opinion.
Using the term "c--t(y)" pejoratively is so offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
Do not use that crude sexual term in your post
Your both correct in general, but who knows what details were left out that could make one method the better choice.
Stop using a mental disability as an insult
IQ is not the ultimate measure of intelligence and even if someone is less intelligent, it doesn't mean you are better than them.
Please do not use derogatory language against a national origin.
These comments are extremely racist in a directly harmful manner, suggesting that people be targeted and harmed solely for being latinx.
Just because someone is different than you doesn't mean they deserve to be treated badly.
Please do not use derogatory language to describe ethnicity or poverty.
Just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they deserve to be treated badly.
Please do not use derogatory language to describe intellectual disabilities.
Using a derogatory term to describe something you dislike puts down those with actual mental disabilities.
Bisexuals are who they say they are, and yes I've seen older bisexuals. Also, bi people aren't just women, so generalizing is inaccurate
Using the right words to talk about people is important and using gendered insults to disagree is disrespectful
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they deserve to be called names.
I don't understand what you are trying to say beyond name calling
It's odd to call someone a white supremacist and then use the "n" word in the same sentence, anything else would be more appropriate
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their race such as wetbacks, beaner, mojado
Discussing the term "wetback" is different from calling someone one. Try to avoid that.
Using  'retarded and idiot' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their race (negro) and gender (cunt). Refrain from such words.
Please don't use ableist words to describe people.
Stop using sexual choices as an insult.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are a bad person.
It is insensitive to use that language, even when referring to yourself. There are so many more politically correct words you could use here
While we understand you were referring to yourself we ask that you avoid that term in the future out of respect for fellow Redditors. Ty.
Please do not use that term regarding a mental disability.
As a woman, it doesn't make sense to demean your own sex by using that language towards them, even if their views are different than yours
We ask that you refrain from sexist hate speech. Reddit is for everyone. Please review our user policies. This is a first warning. Thank you
Please avoid using insulting terms when regarding a woman's gender.
This seems mostly like joking around, the language you are using could make people uncomfortable. It's best to be polite on an open forum
We ask that you take care with your terminology in the future, out of respect for your fellow Redditors. Thank you for your understanding.
Please do not use someones sexual orientation as a term of hate
The suggestion that only men build society is both ridiculous and harmfully misogynistic.
Using the phrase "c--ts...rot in hell" and sequelae conveys hatred and misogyny: it is not permitted here.
This comment is extremely misogynistic and hateful. The notion that all women are "retarded children" is ridiculous, unfair, and awful.
Both hateful misogyny and the use of the "c--t" term are bigoted speech and not permitted here.
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this woman on the basis of her sex in a hateful manner.
Using the term "c---" reflexively, thoughtlessly and pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided here.
Refrain from hate speech and such language or we will be forced to ban you. Thank you.
Regardless of stance hate speech and derogatory terms are in conflict with our code of conduct. This is your first warning. Thank you.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on their race and using profanity.
When you use a word like that it makes it hard for me to find your point of view interesting.
Please refrain from making insensitive comments and using profanity.
It's hard to understand your point of view when you use word like those.
I'd be more inclined to agree with you if you didn't use those types of slurs.
It really hurts your argument when you use a word like that.
It seems like a waste of your time to go out of your way to make people upset.
I don't understand why you are taking focus away from the child who was hurt.
Calling women "some c--t" is unnecessary and blatantly hateful, it must be avoided here.
Introducing words like this is doing nothing to help the conversation.
I would like to ask you to refrain from using that in the future. We are all trying to be positive here and lift each other up.
Please do not use racist words thank you
I would think if a woman was "dyke" that she would probably not spend any time having sex.
Please do not use offensive remarks thanks.
Please don't make offensive remarks in you comments thank you
Please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts.  It adds nothing of substance to the conversation or the sub.
The term you have used can be seen as very offensive to others, even if you didn't realize it. You need to be more careful with your words!
Please refrain from the use of hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation or your argument.
Using harsh language and name calling leads to pointless arguments.
I understand you are expressing anger, but the term you have used is very offensive towards the disabled community. Be more careful.
Using homophobic and transphobic language in your posts is not contributing anything to the conversation.  Please refrain in the future
Foul language should be replaced with more appropriate words.
The terms you have used are offensive and disrespectful to the LGBT community. You need to be more careful with your choice of words!
The term you have used is disrespectful and offensive to the disabled community! You need to be more careful with your choice of words.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to this discussion.
Speaking down on someone speaks volumes about one's character.
The terms used are offensive towards other women who are not a part of this conversation. You need to use safer word choices!
Wow! there is no place for that type of vulgar language on this feed. Do not put down another person culture.
Please do not use that sexually vulgar term when talking about the female sex.
Your argument would be more effective if you didn't use that slur.
Do not use a mental disability as an insult to others.
When you use a word like that it makes me not want to continue listening to your perspective.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (autism) and gender (cunts). Refrain from such words.
Do not reply if you cannot avoid using that sexually vulgar term on this feed.
Those words essentially make your argument invalid.
Its inappropriate to attack someone based on their sexual orientation (faggot) and gender (cunt)
Please do not use a hateful term regarding a persons sexual orientation and use that vulgar sexual term.
It's hard to take your argument seriously when you use those sorts of slurs.
The word loses its shock by the third time.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment, and also people's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
This word is hurtful to people with mental and intellectual disabilities.
Man, the things I hear on this website when people disagree.
E doesn't intrinsically denote any gender. Before you comment on another language, learn a little more about it.
That word is hurtful to female-identifying individuals.
The r-word is out of date and intentionally hurtful to specific groups of people.
The term you have used here is offensive to the disabled community, and should not be used as an insult or joke. Be more careful!
Repeated, reflexive and knee-jerk use of  variants of "ret--d" as a pejorative are hateful and offend the mentally disabled.
She is actually very talented and it's uncalled for to call her something so mean.
You might not be aware, but this term is viewed as offensive to others, especially women. There are different words you can use. Be careful!
People should be allowed to become whatever they want in life, and enjoy whatever they like in life. And you were just being mean online
You are being very offensive to the LGBT+ community, and need to be more careful with your words. These words can be very harmful to others.
Both the reflexive use of the work "f-g" and its variants, and such hateful and venomous targeting of the gay community, are forbidden here.
Not everyone is the same, you both should stop generalizing and everyone would seem a lot nicer.
You may not have meant it in this way, but the term you used can be offensive to others, such as women. Be more careful with your words!
Calling anyone a "stupid tw-t" is hateful, infantile and forbidden in this forum.
I don't think your mothers would appreciate you speaking like that.
The terms you have used here are not necessary and very offensive to other communities, such as the disabled. You need to use better words.
Using such terms as "autistic" and "ret--d(ed)" offends the mentally disabled and their families and so must be avoided here.
Maybe try atchually using the PC word for it.
Can just call her a dumb lady
There is no reason to insult each other in the first place, but if you must there are less hateful words to use.
Offensive terms for females are not permitted
You can use a different, and more correctly descriptive words to describe who you are talking about.  Also do not quote hate speech back.
Derogatory slang term for females is not permitted
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts?  It adds nothing valuable to the discussion.
You can use a different, kinder word to describe this person while having the same, if not more, negative connotation to it.
Threats of violence and derogatory terms for females are not permitted
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing of value to your argument or the conversation.
If you feel this way about yourself try talking to someone you trust about it. Work to be kind to yourself and find positive ways talk.
Native American terms used improperly and remarks about mental disabilities are not permitted
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing productive to the discussion in this thread.
If you must name call then try using name that are not hate speech words. Also, try not name calling or not responding at all.
Sexist remarks and derogatory terms for mentally disabled and females are not permitted
Perhaps we don't know the whole situation, so there's no reason to jump to conclusions and be so rude and callous.
Language that demeans someone based on their gender isn't ok.
People are entitled to their own opinions. If someone likes or wants to support the company, let them. Go vote with your money elsewhere.
Insulting someone based on a disability is not ok
Next time maybe use astricks instead of the full word since it can be hurtful to a lot of people. Or just don't use it at all.
Insulting someone because of their race or gender is no way to treat a person.
These posts promote an extremely offensive and harmful ideology of racism, homophobia, and misogyny, in a hateful and destructive way.
Your account has been suspended. You can appeal this ban by emailing a Moderator. Please review our user policies. Thank you.
That's a lot of hate all at once. I feel like when someone calls out something racist you should listen to what they have to say
Such terms are not tolerated on Reddit. We ask that you review our user policies. This is a first warning. Thank you for your understanding.
Women still face way more work discrimination. There's no need to get mad just because they want to be equals in the workforce
We insist that out of respect for your fellow Redditors you refrain from such terms in the future. Thank you in advance for your cooperation
Such language is not tolerated on Reddit. Reddit is for everyone. Please review our user policies. This is a first warning. Thank you.
Ableist insults like that only promote discrimination and stigmatization against people with mental health concerns/conditions
Reddit is for everyone, including those with physical and or mental disabilities. Please review our user policies. Thank you in advance.
While your feelings are valid, using ableist slurs to refer to someone's intelligence is detrimental.
Use of a word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities distracts from the meaning of an argument.
I don't believe hate of all women is warranted in this situation.
A word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities is not useful when trying to add meaning.
Confusing, deranged, or nonsensical are words that are less emotionally charged with hate than the word that you used to described leftists.
This type of language is frowned upon here. If you do not quit using it you will be reported and possibly banned
I wouldn't compare disabilities to this and her point still standers no matter how dismissive you pretend to be.
It's fine if we have different opinions but there's no need to attack.
Racism and sexism go both ways. The better method of combatting privilege is to educate the future, not destroy it.
There's no need to use that language if you disagree. That can be offensive and I would appreciate just leaving it.
Her bellicosity is a result of more than her genetics. Initiating violence would only justify her to those around her.
I get that you're upset but please remember that that's not a good word to call anyone.
It's difficult to taut your maturity so soon after resorting to namecalling. The most effective means of disputing something is with reason.
You should not use words like that it can be very offensive towards people with mental disabilities.
Language that demeans based on disability or sexual orientation is not ok
You should compare peoples political views to people with mental disabilities. This is disrespectful to people with mental disabilities.
Whats the point of the hateful language directed at unrelated irrelevant topics? I can't imagine it serves you an actual purpose.
Using a term like that is very derogatory towards women. It is a hateful way to comment on someones gender.
There is no need to be racist. There are better ways to voice your opinion if you do not like something.
A brand name is supposed to draw customers in, not automatically eliminate an entire market based on solely it's name.
Insults based on race or nationality are not ok
You state this promotes bullying, then use a derogatory term that is used to bully in your closing statement.
Agreed. Not a great way to make your case.
Looks like you need to do some fact checking before tossing your opinion in the ring. Language is inexcusable in this context.
These comments are hatefully misogynistic, including using the misogynistic slur "cunt" in a hateful way.
All this is so unnecessary. All of you should leave. Take your quarrel somewhere else.
Using name calling and foul language speaks volumes about your character.
This post contains sexist language, please do not use such offensive language.
Name calling isn't an effective way to describe someone's personality.
Using a vulgar term like that shows a serious lack of respect.
Please don't use that word. It's okay if we don't agree on things but I do wish you would leave it at that.
Funny that you seem to have been offended so you then choose to use an offensive term to show that youre offended
I understand your frustration, but please don't compare your feelings to autism.
Regardless of intent, the blasé way that you use autism in a negative way here is hurtful towards people who actually have autism.
We get it. You don't like SJWs. No reason to offend homosexuals in the process.
Please refrain from using homophobic language in your posts.  It adds nothing of substance to the conversation in this thread.
Woah! Please do not use hateful terms regarding someones sexuality.
I understand your frustration but the C word is highly offensive to women and you'd get your point across better without it.
Please refrain from the use of hateful misogynistic language in your posts.  It is adding nothing of substance to the conversation here.
Wow. There is no place for that term here when referring to women.
Please refrain from using homophobic language in your posts.  It doesn't add anything productive to the conversation.
Woah, avoid using those hateful and sexually crass terms when posting on the feed.
Sounds like a real asshole but you shouldn't use a word that's so offensive to women to express that.
Withdraw from using those hurtful terms when talking about individuals and their actions
Funny how you are mad about them jumping to conclusions and making a snap judgement and then you yourself make a snap judgement about them
Using "c--t" debasively is hateful and is not to to used in this forum.
Please avoid using genital terms to slander something, even if it is your opinion
Using the word 'cunt or cunty' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Your language is violent and uncalled for. Please refrain from such charged words especially on a public forum.
If you are really feeling this strongly about someone try and take time to calm down before you post. There is no reason to be rude.
This forum does not approve of such words so please do not make this mistake again.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their sexual orientation (incel) and gender (cunt). dont us such words.
If this is a joke, it was not funny. You can make a joke without having to use harsh language.
You're account is suspended. Hate speech is not tolerated on Reddit. You can appeal this ban by emailing a Moderator. Thank you.
If you are making a joke there are better, funnier ways to do that without having to resort to hate speech. It only detracts from your post.
This thread is closed. We ask that you all review our user policies and refrain from hate speech of any kind. This is a final warning. Ty.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their sexual preferences (incel and faggot) and gender (cunt).
Do not discuss hate speech by using hate speech there are ways to avoid this. Name calling also does not add to the conversation.
We insist that you not use such terms. Reddit does not and cannot tolerate such speech. Thank you for your understanding.
A different word would describe the person and situation better without detracting from your post and its meaning.
We ask that you respect your fellow Redditors with mental and physical disabilities. This is a first warning. Thank you for understanding.
You can use a word that is more descriptive that dds to your post without having to use hate speech.
When you use words like those it's very hard to engage in a discussion with you.
Misogynist is new to me, but I really like how you said your gf helped you. We want to help the men in our lives and grow as a couple.
When talking about others and their beliefs and quoting them be the bigger person. Do not use the same language as them.
When you use a word like that it reflects poorly on your character.
I don't agree that the man should pay for the child. Only the biological parent should ever be legally responsible.
If you feel this way, you can find a better way to express it. Also, try thinking about why you feel this way.
I'd be more inclined to agree with you if you didn't use that word.
You may find it funny but not every southern person does. So they should try to be considerate of all people.
That is a bit extreme. I would just get up and go on the couch or tell him to. We may not know the whole story.
If you feel this strongly about someone, try explaining and thinking about why. There are also more descriptive, less harsh words to use.
It is hard to listen to your perspective when you use a word like that.
I am glad to hear the New York Times is getting into this and asking feminist the right questions. Maybe we can hear them out.
If you really like this artist then there is no reason to be so brash. You can describe what you dislike better.
We have more information on historical figures, including varying viewpoints in multiple sources, therefore people will have differing views
Consequences are indeed appropriate, for a lie such as that can ruin a persons life.
name calling isn't helping your argument especially when in doing so you do the very thing you claim others do
Asexuality only affects those who are asexual. Politics have no place in sexual preference and they are human all the same.
People wander from their original point when nervous or anxious in speeches. Even Jeff Dunham has done so while on stage and he's a pro.
Rather than dismiss an entire group of people, it would be more productive to constitute your beliefs with evidence.
Speaking like this is ridiculous. Both genders have issues. All people have issues.
I'm not sure how any of you think this was not offensive. Of course he got down voted, he's generalizing an entire group of women.
You are justifying her actions with your belligerence and sexist remarks.
That lady is entitled to her opinion but she should realize it's important to stop undermining the importance of those murals.
Obviously she was newsworthy, but if you disagree with her that doesn't give you the right to talk about her like that, have some civility.
(Bumping the thread will only revive it. The conversation is complete.)
It's just the internet, guys...
Hey, while the facts are clear, have some respect and act like adults. Treat each other like humans, not as some computer screens.
Be careful when using racially-oriented phrases. Refrain from using profanity and slander, especially racial slander.
i think kindly on your attitude towards other cultures but then you toss out the 'r' word. think! i can tell you are trying.
Try to avoid sexual profanity.  Avoid using terms that invade religious freedoms. Refrain from deragatory descriptors
Avoid deargatory language and profanity.  Refrain from using sexually derogatory descriptors when referencing individuals and persons.
cmon man, you dont have to offend a whole gender to use one word about a person who isnt real. lol.
Avoid sexually explicit terms when referencing individuals. Omit the use of profanity.  Refrrain from using deragatory descriptors.
Hey there, sexist comments and views are rude and offensive. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
you guys should use a real word or actually say something relevant.
Refrain from the use of racially-charged and segragating speech. Try not to use profanity when referencing people or groups, espcially races
you guys are still early in two centuries ago. no one will even listen to that argument.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to your argument or the conversation in the sub.
Mocking someone because of a disablity is not acceptable.
Please refrain from using homophobic language in your posts.  It adds nothing to your argument or the conversation in this sub.
Languiage that disparages based on sexual orientation isn't acceptable
Its inappropriate to use 'faggots' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to your argument or the conversation in this thread.
Demeaning someone based on their gender isn't ok
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation of the sub.
Mocking someone with a disability isn't ok
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing productive to the conversation in this thread.
Try to see things from their perspective.  It's hard to live in a society that doesn't accept you.
"Retardation" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability, and should not be used.
Using hateful ableist language in your posts contributes nothing productive to this thread.  Please refrain from doing so in the future.
It's against terms of service to use words like that.  Please tone it down
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion of the sub
I totally get your point, but watch the wording a little would ya?
stop using sexual choice as an insult.
I get that he came at you pretty hard, but watch the wording.  You're dropping to their level.
I get the points both of you are making, but your foul language and racist comments draw attention from your arguments.
i understand your point, but watch your word choice.  That is very offensive nowadays to many.
Your comment has nothing to do with OP's original comment - relevancy please.
I'd like to know what she said in court too, but that dones't justify your use of name calling. It reduces interest in your comments.
started out really well.
Dude, calm down. Women are not divided solitarily into those two categories alone. That's as unfair and as biased as the original post.
Define racism and discuss further to understand why people act the way they act instead of only focusing on race.
Hate speech is not tolerated on Reddit. We ask that you refrain from it's use in order to prevent account suspensions. Thank you in advance.
Wow, any one that is saying vile comments towards any person for race, sexual preference, etc is in the wrong.
It is insensitive to state the word "retard".
Use of said term will not be tolerated on Reddit. Reddit is for everyone. We ask that you review our user policies. Thank you.
I can see your point that it's not smart to share personal info, but the offensive name isn't really necessary to make your point.
Let's try to find another way to express ourselves without a derogatory term.
Such language is not tolerated on Reddit. Please find a different term or we will be forced to take further action.
I understand why this is frustrating, but I'm sure you could come up with another way of expressing this without namecalling.
It is not necessary to resort to name calling which insults those with mental issues.
Reddit is for everyone, including those with physical and mental disabilities. We insist you refrain from such terms in the future.
For people that are mentally challenged, something they can't help, that's hurtful to speak of them in that term.
Please don't use the term "retard", as it is offensive and weakens your argument.
Name calling is not an effective way to get your point across.
I can see that you're trying to combat this rhetoric but I wish you wouldn't use this language to do it.
Your bigotry isn't advance the conversation at all.
I'm not sure why you would use these identities as an insult.
You shouldn't use such offensive terms if your goal is to engage in an actual discussion on this topic.
This has nothing to do with people who have disabilities.
Please don't make offensive remarks thanks.
Using the word "retard" to describe someone is offensive to people with mental disabilities
Please refrain from using offensive language thank you.
You're making a joke about rape, which is a very serious traumatic even that can happen to a person and you should have more empathy
Please do not use offensive language towards people thank you.
Retard is an offensive term for people with intellectual disabilities and you should have more empathy
The term you have used can be offensive towards women, and it is vulgar in general! You need to be more careful with your choice of words.
There's no need to call her those names. The court hasn't ruled her guilty or innocent, so it is not our place to assign blame.
That isn't a very positive response... She is very wrong and I doubt she has a heart at all, but I don't see how the system failed.
The term you have used here is offensive towards women, so you need to be more careful with your choice of words!
Women are just as valuable members of society as men.
I am shocked that throwing acid on someone wasn't considered a violent offense which requires the min of 3/4 of a sentence be served.
The terms you have used here are not necessary to use, and offensive to other communities such as the disabled! You need to be more careful.
No allegations can be called that; all are valid if made with evidence to back them up. There is no need for blanket statements.
This is wrong and I'm a female. Everyone gets paid the same based off their performance which is determined by customers.
The term used here is offensive to other communities, such as the LGBT community. There are different words you can use to express yourself.
Other's sexual orientations are not yours to judge. Just because you disapprove does not make it wrong.
BrokeBack Mountain was the first film I saw that truly showed a relationship between two men that I understood.
I understand you're expressing anger, but the term you have used violates others, such as women. Be more careful with your word choices.
There is no need to be so rude to someone you do not even know; you have no reason to talk about her as such.
Wow 229k followers is a lot, so I guess someone likes her.
Stop using crude terms to describe a woman.
Please refrain from hateful name-calling, and default to a more universally accepted term! Thank you for understanding.
Refrain from using a persons sexual orientation as an insult.
The butt grapper should be chraged as well
Pease take caution in the types of words you use! These can be seen as derogatory and offensive to others. Thanks for understanding!
Avoid using vulgar term regarding genitalia as an insult.
I would be trying to make money on all those clicks from your posted links
This word is historically considered derogatory and offensive. Please refrain from its use and instead use more universally accepted words!
Stop using a persons mental disability as an insult to others
Woah, please be careful in the words you use! These types of words are historically considered offensive and derogatory.
Using the word 'retardatio' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Using a derogatory term against someone you disagree with puts down the people with actual mental disabilities.
Hey there, Please refrain from using derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thank you
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (retarded and idiots).Refrain from such words.
Judging someone based on their appearance does not solve any problems.
Hi there, sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Dreads are kind of cool I agree. But not on everyone. There is no facts that dreads equal a criminal either.
Although I agree with how you are defending African Americans I do not agree with how you are using the word retarded. Be kind.
I really don't know what Boob Physics is, but it sounds like they want to tone down women in gaming. I say leave it alone.
Social Justice Warriors are expressing their personal views. I notice you are too but being respectful will get you further in life.
Its inappropriate to use faggotry' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
Loki is awesome!  Even my daughters think he's amazing!
I am pretty sure it wasn't to ruin your marriage specifically. Try to remain calm, it'll all work out.
Using that word is very offensive to the LGBTQ community. I see you are angry but you should express your anger in a more positive way.
How do you if he's retarded? Is he slow?
That comment was not necessary.
They're not "that word" just because he disagrees with you. Not a very good argument.
This conversation is getting heated, but you need to watch the language please.
I understand what you're trying to say, but please watch your language. This is not appropriate.
Wow. Elitist and sexist. Very original.
A lot of these responses are toeing the line, yourself included. Please be careful.
Please refrain from using hateful homophobic language in your posts.  It is not adding anything productive to the conversation.
There isn't a need to use derogatory language against gay people.
"Retarded" (or any derivative) is a hateful word that is used to demean people with intellectual disability, and should not be used.
Refrain from language such as "amerifags" and "retarted" in your posts.  It is considered hate speech regardless of the context.
Politics today is the hardest thing to talk about with anyone. I just try to avoid it all together, in person that is.
Refrain calling other posters "cunt" it is offensive regardless of the context and it is hate speech in this context.
Totally argue with the fact he could of just got her out, stop feeding the argument, and drove off.
Regardless of intention, referring to a person as a "thing", especially in a gendered way as it is done here, is misogynistic and harmful.
Refrain from using the term "cunts" to refer to women. Many users find this to be offensive regardless of the context.
So disrespectful to attack like that. My parents would of never allowed any of that.
Refrain from using the term "retarded." Many people find it offensive regardless of the context.
This shouldn't even be a topic. You take a woman out on a date one time and that doesn't equal sex. He looks desperate now.
Twitter went in on her hard. I don't agree with her argument but they could ease up a little.
Attacking someone's gender does not further this discussion.
If she would of handled herself like an adult she would of walked away with a warning.
Hate speech toward someone's gender really hurts the points you are trying to make.
We dont need to resort to name calling.
The only way to win an argument AND get your point across is to not add in all the negative. Stay on topic.
This is a discussion that needs to be had. Just without the hate speech towards the disabled.
There are better ways to express yourself than using offensive words.
As a woman I never agreed with all the feminism stuff. All I ever want is equal pay, keep the rest.
slurs against the disabled are seriously uncalled for
Lets not use derogatory statements to call something stupid.
That is true. If women keep knocking men than their just refusing the sexism onto men. Which isn't right.
Hate speech towards the disabled does not strengthen your point. In fact it does the opposite.
There are plenty of insults to use without resorting to hate speech.
Attacking someone's sexual preferences is not a way to win an arguement
Just use the term homosexual. It's not highly offensive like what you said.
If you can articulate why you feel a specific way, your feelings on the matter are unimportant
"Retarded" is antiquated and frowned upon. Don't be antiquated and frowned upon
Men are also guilty of the same transgressions. Using that kind of language just reflects poorly on you.
Using that word is simply not necessary.
There are much better ways to describe the things
"Retarded" disparages the differently abled. Don't be that guy
The word homosexual is not an insult.
Aren't you just reinforcing the things she said by referring to her in those terms?
There is no reason that you needed to use such an offensive term to get your point across.
Can't take anyone seriously when they think it's okay to use misogynistic slurs.
I could take your opinion more seriously if you didn't feel the need to use the ableist slur.
Using the term "retar-ed pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided.
It's hard to take your comment seriously when you feel it's okay to use ableist slurs.
I understand what you're saying but the colour of their skin has nothing to do with it.
Stop with the racial bashing.
No need for the racial stereotyping of bigoted comments. Try and make your point in a less offensive way and you'll be taken more seriously
Stop bashing peoples' sexual choices.
There is definitely sensationalism over video games. I don't know if date-rape should have a place in this conversation.
Replacing the foul language will get others to want to read your input more.
All I know is if the right is recruiting gamers than the left must be too.
The foul language usage can make people think that there is a lack of vocabulary on the commentors behalf.
I hear this story a lot on both sides. Good thing you found out now before it was too late and you had kids.
Using foul language to put someone down speaks volumes about your character.
I am not too sure but my son said Gamergate is real and that once you go that way the industry is done.
What a headache of an argument over censorship. This just goes from a discussion to a petty fight.
People will certainly take your point of view into consideration more if you would leave out the foul language.
I agree that a sub on anticensorship should be open to free speech but we also must have limits. Just behave.
Avoid profanity when describing gender and race.  Omit offensive words towards developmental disablity.
Use of the r-word to insult someone is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of a disability.
Please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums, it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time.
Refrain from sexually explicit language.  Omit profanity when describing gender specific's.
Use of the c-word to insult someone is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women.
Avoid language that offends populations with devlopmental disabilities.
Use of the r-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people with a disability.
Avoid sexually offensive language. Use appropriate descriptors when referencing sexual orientation
Note: this word is roundly no longer acceptable in civilized discourse because it is hurtful and offensively denigrates people who are gay.
Avoid sexually explicit language.  Avoid profanity that insults certain body types and physical gaits.
Maybe just socially inept.
This is an offensive term. Please adjust your language.
I think you mean "being unfair". 9_9
A term that is meant to be demeaning to women doesn't have to be used to describe what moderators of a website are doing that you dislike.
I understand what you're trying to say but please watch the language.
Putting it like that's just giving them more fuel for their fire.
Hateful words don't add to a discussion and elicit negative emotions.
Watch the language please.
It is uncalled for to refer to someone that way, you really need to grow up.
All of you should be ashamed of how you talk, and attacking feminists for standing up for their rights, you are a special kind of scum.
Stop using medical conditions as insults.
It wasn't necissary to use that word, try to find other ways to express someone's stupidity.
It’s offensive to people who have mental disabilities.
Using the word "retarded" as an insult is hateful to people with mental delays and should not be used here.
This word is politically incorrect
They didn’t choose to have a mental disability.
Using the word retarded as an insult is hate speech and must stop.
This is an offensice term
Using cunt to insult women is hateful and cannot happen here.
That term is offensive and doesn't help your argument any
Don't you think that words can carry negative connotation? Freedom of speech doesn't mean speech can't be hateful.
That was an unoriginal and immature response.
Say that to the people who believe in that philosophy.
F*ggots is a very strong word to use here. While the comments may be moronic in general, we could do without that word.
No need to sound like a twelve year old.
Your point could have been made without the vitriol.
Why should we demonize peoples' political ideals? Healthy debate should be based on the effects of ideals, not bashing someone's beliefs.
Your point could have been complete without the addition of the word cunts.
Seems a bit harsh? Maybe an oversight, but to devolve to name-calling doesn't really bring good discourse.
Using the 'r' word means you're either stuck in the early 2000s or a 12 year old.
Your comment is only trying to rile people up with hate.
Your hateful comments and attitude are exactly what they're against.
Stop bodyshaming and using gender based insults.
Use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities.
That word is really offensive and doesn't just mean "stupid" like you assume it does.
That might be how it is in your family, but in families with stay at home moms, the woman does the majority of unpaid work!
Use of the c-word here to insult is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans women.
This sexist comment is why I left in the first place and will do so again.
Stop with the gender based insults!
I hope you don't teach your daughters to use that hurtful word in school.
Use of the c-word to insult a woman is hurtful and offensive and has no place in civil discourse.
You could just say, this woman is insecure.. and leave it at that!
The words used here are inappropriate.
Other words you might use would be stupid or dumb. More PC
Using such slurs is not just unacceptably hurtful and offensive to all woman but also completely detracts from your point.
To be taken seriously, try using adult language.
Please be respectful and not use such vile words.
Use of the c-word is already unacceptable and offensive but in this context shows how insecure you are about yourself.
Being derisive to women is not a good thing. Try to be a little more politically correct in your language.
Using those words are offensive and uncalled for.
Generalizing women this way is wrong and an attack. They do not 'need beatings' and this is no way to treat somebody based on their gender.
It is your right to believe women should be held to the same standards, but is not right to condone and promote such violence.
There is no reason for you to use that type of offensive language against individuals.
Everyone is entitled to their own opinions but there's no need for you to direct such nastiness to the woman.
Do not post on here if you cannot refrain from using vulgar sexual terms.
Using this language implies that women cannot engage in the same activities that men can.
Stop using inappropriate sexual language when voicing your opinions.
(To User 3) There is no need to say that word, especially in a sentence like that.
hey there stop using offensive words based on someones sexual orientation to voice your opinions.
Your argument about these people's behavior is lost when you use diminutive language.
Please try to use language that respects those with different abilities.
Using term that refer to your opponent as mentally deficient belittle the strength of your argument.
Incels lack a romantic partner, even though they desire one.   Therefore your labeling them as "rapists and pedofiles" is of poor judgement.
Please try to use language that is respectful towards those with different abilities.
Referring to the kids as mentally deficient only accentuates the shortcomings in your argument.
Please try to use language that is respectful towards individuals with different abilities.
Obesity does not require that they also be homosexual.
Please use language that is respectful of different sexual orientations.
Use of the c-word is not acceptable because it is so hurtful and offensive to all women.
Even if it feels justified to use the c-word for a person, the word itself is hurtful and hateful towards women and not acceptable.
We should treat women with respects. After all, men were born from women.
This comment includes language that is deemed vulgar and offensive and has been flagged.
Using ableist language is not acceptable. If you cannot make your point without it, keep your point to yourself.
This comment includes language deemed offensive and vulgar and has been reported to moderator for review.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or sexual orientation,  in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
These comments include language that is offensive and vulgar. The user has been reported for suspension of their account.
No. You cannot use that word. Now that you've received warnings from multiple sources, further use will lead to a ban.
This language is offensive and defamatory. User has been reported to moderator and will be booted from further commentary.
There's no need for such sexist language. Further use of hate speech will lead to suspensions or bans.
That word is inappropriate and uncalled for as an answer.
There are likely more productive ways to get your message across.
Those words are extremely offensive and should not be used to describe.
Please try to be respectful of others' sexual orientations.
Use of the c-word is not acceptable because it is derogatory about woman in general and hurtful.
You need to find a better way to describe women besides your trivial attempts.
I am confident that you could have expressed yourself there without using such a highly offensive term.
Hateful slurs like this have no place in reasonable discourse because it derogates women.
Try to keep your anger down and be civil.
Use of the c-word, even if uttered in total frustration, is just not acceptable as it is hurtful and offensive to all woman.
Being angry is fine, but try different descriptive words for women.
I truly understand your hatred for your ex-wife but there's still no reason to potentially offend other innocent women with that term.
This double slur including the n-word is totally unacceptable in conversation as it denigrates race and orientation.
Do not be so bigoted.
Wow. Very edgy. Being as offensive as possible will never be funny or get your point across effectively.
The r-word is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive denigration of people with disabilities.
Other words you might use. Dumb or stupid.
If your goal is to make an effective argument for your point, you should remove the hateful sexist language in your comment.
You should refrain from including the hateful ableist insults in your comments; it adds nothing to your argument or the sub's conversation
"Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance.
You aren't helping your argument when you use misogynistic slurs in your comments.  It doesn't add anything productive to the conversation
Using the terms "c--t" and "tw-t" pejoratively is offensive; their ill-considered use should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
Please use some restraint in your comments as they are offensive.
"Ret--d" as used here offends many and should be avoided.
I appreciate that you have an opinion, but please consider how the language you use suggests ill will.
The word retarded is a highly offensive term and can be classified as hate speech directed at the disabled community and is unacceptable.
Using that word in a conversation about video games is really jarring and immature.
There is no reason to say this hateful word. It should be exchanged for something else. This will show your point more clearly.
The word retard is a highly offensive term and can be classified as hate speech directed at the disabled community and is unacceptable.
Think of the disabled people that you have known before you use a word like that.
Instead of just name calling, actually contribute to the conversation with a thought filled response.
I feel like your need to assign blame to Jewish people has to do with you feeling powerless in your life.
You are knowingly breaking the rules. If you want to stay in the subreddit and be able to add to the conversation then follow the rules.
The word retarted is a highly offensive term and can be classified as hate speech directed at the disabled community and is unacceptable.
Hey, I can see that you're frustrated but this is a pretty closeminded thing to say.
Your name calling does not add to the conversation and I am confused as to why you are name calling in the first place. Try to be more clear
How original an insult... /s
I think adoption is a worthwhile suggestion, but at the same time the other poster is right. It's a more difficult process than assumed.
Sheesh, throwin' women under the bus here...
You apparently can't handle being considered offensive.
You hate LGBT people and women, how "tough" of you /s
You can move on without having resentment towards women in general.
There are more specific terms to define political affiliation that don't attack someone for their beliefs
Political views have nothing to do with being pulled over for speeding.
Offensive language doesn't add to the conversation.
instead of using hateful words to lump a perceived universal characteristic amongst this group we could try to understand the problem
Please stop gender bashing and using medical conditions to express yourself.
Your comment violates Reddit hate speech policy, defined by a direct attack on people based on protected characteristics.
We all have an opinion and that doesn't mean the other is mentally impaired. I get what you're saying and I agree.
Don't use medical conditions to bash others or pick on other peoples' political choices.
Global warming is overrated but our planet is definitely going through some changes. I think more natural ones though.
Please don't bash people due to their race or gender.
As a woman I can tell you that word is one of the worst things you can call us.
Please don't bash people due to their gender.
We don't need more rights per say. We just want equal rights and equal pay.
Please stop gender bashing.
Women don't get any special passes, but many men do attempt to treat us more delicately because we're not a man.
Like, swap a word.
Watch the language please. This is uncalled for.
The only person looking stupid here is you.
If you wanna not look stupid, you should not use terms like "aspergers person". Just some advice.
Not sure what's going on but all of you need to watch your language. This is not acceptable.
Call them by any other name and you're fine.
Just because you're an actress doesn't mean your not telling the truth. There's a difference between acting and lying like that.
Watch the language please. This isn't appropriate.
"Re--rd" and its variants as used here offend many and should be avoided.
Please take caution in using such words filled with aversion and instead use text that is more acceptable.
Please use more affable text in your communications.
"Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families
The words you say are demonstrating a wounding picture to others so please try more genial communications.
That may be an unintelligent thing to do, but insulting people based on intelligence is a mean thing to do.
Wow, whether you think something is wrong or not doesn't mean you should insult the intellectually disabled.
This comment is insensitive towards the mentally handicapped.  Using it as an insult is irresponsible.
This term is demeaning towards the gay community.  Words can be hurtful towards other, even if not directed at them.
You can disagree with something that is happening, whithout calling degatory names. Using that language dismisses a lot of people.
These terms are offensive towards other group.  It's not necessary to use them as an insult on social media.
Using that language is offensive. People who have disablities should be treated equal, and not put down.
"Retard" is a very hurtful derogatory term. It would be better to use "mentally ill".
Please use language that is respectful of different abilities.
Using ableist slurs makes it hard to take you seriously.
"Retard" is a hurtful derogatory term. It is an insult to mentally ill people.
Please use language that is respectful of women and different abilities.
Can't take you seriously when you use ableist slurs.
Gay is not a derogatory term and should not be used as such in this context.
Please use language that is respectful towards different cultures and sexual orientations.
Hard to take you seriously when you use offensive language.
You seem to love disparaging women. Weird flex, but okay /s
Using the c-word to insult a female is offensive and hurtful.
Ask the person to not refer to feminists in such a negative tone.
Man, the circlejerk in here is blinding.
Use of hurtful and offensive slurs really downgrades the discussion here and is unacceptable.
Don't refer to the woman with those offensive terms
I get your point, but people with disabilities don't deserve to be clumped in like that.
Use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Don't call the judge a retard just because you don't agree with his decision.
So original.../s
Using the term retard in that context is offensive
Using the "c--t" term is offensive, unnecessary and should be avoided.
Trans people make the choice to be who they are. They're still people and deserve to be treated with respect.
Refrain from using abusive and derogatory language.  Remove sexually explicit words
Avoid language that insults those with developmental disabilities
"Re---d" as used here offends many and should be avoided.
Refrain from word(s) [retarded]. Explicit profanity against developmentally challenged.
I still am confused as to how you're not a man or woman.
Stop with racist insults.
The "N word" (even in this use) is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong here.
I don't think anyone should be referred as a white or black person. We are all people, period. Stop the racial profiling.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
McCaskill is a little too much with the agenda.
There's no need to use that word here, you can call them unfunny without being rude.
I am white and I only hear that term used when making fun of someone or trying to be funny within the culture, so it depends on content.
There's no need to be so rude, she wouldn't comment on your weight so why are you commenting on hers?
I rather tell the driver which way to go sometimes because I might know a faster/cheaper route.
Both those words are offensive, and you can vent your frustration at them without being rude.
Please refrain from using racist and derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
The whole GamerGate thing is out of hand and needs to be closed out already.
It takes away from your argument when you can't get your point across without swearing.
Using such an offensive term toward women is not a great way to express your anger toward these individuals.
Please cease the comments that are nasty and hurtful to the innocent.
What disgusting an offensive comment. You can come off better than that. I know you can.
Please eliminate the speech that is contemptuous and use language that is more hospitable.
Your words can be powerful in expressing your opinion, but please refrain from using harsh language.
"Retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. Don't be that guy
You don't need to offend all homosexuals to express the fact you don't like the parties involved. Just an FYI
I can tell that you are passionate about the topic, but please convey your thoughts in a way that is not so damaging to others.
A lot of good people had a lot of bad things done to them having to do with that hateful word you're throwing around. it's the 21st century
You used language that is offensive toward those with disabilities.  That kind of language will not be tolerated.
There are plenty of other words that you could have used to convey that opinion. Slurs won't strengthen your opinion.
The language you used was offensive toward women and sexual assault victims, and it will not be tolerated.
Woah man, don't cut yourself on that edge.
The language you used is offensive toward those with disabilities and is not tolerated here.
Using bitch and retarded as insults is hate speech, do not use such language here
"Stupid" or its 50 other synonyms could have sufficed here. America can have questionable rules, but that doesn't mean you need to use slurs
Language that is hateful toward any minority group (including those with disabilities) will not be tolerated here.
Using retards as an insult is hateful, do not do it.
"I don't agree with this political group, so I'm gonna use slurs!! That'll show them." - you, probably. Do us all a favor and grow up.
Even though I might agree with the content in some of the posts, I don't think name-calling is useful or helpful.
Using "b--ches" to refer to women is offensive, unnecessary and should be avoided.
That word is harmful to many people. Think of a better insult.
Using "ret--ds" or "ret---ded" to mean low intelligence may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
I am not sure what the previous post was as it was removed, however I don't think name calling is a tactful or polite.
I think you can come up with a better insult. That word is hurtful to many people.
The use of "ret--ds" to mean low intelligence may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
It's funny because Trump supports authoritarian policies. That said, Vagina is not a good insult, as women are people.
I still don't fully understand how a lawsuit to help Asian's will also help us.
Your inflexible and hostile attitude towards the mentally ill saddens me. Perhaps you should practice compassion.
If the Attorney General says it's fine than it must be.
Speaking of hurtful, your comment is extremely so. You post this because you want to be validated, but it's unacceptable.
If I find a meme that's hurtful I simply scroll past it or click to not follow that person; simple.
Whether or not OP is unintelligent is irrelevant to the discussion they were trying to provoke.
I cannot understand this argument between anime and fascism.
You're spamming offensive content. There is nothing wrong with being gay and I'm reporting you to the mods.
Serena Williams is beautiful but she has a terrible temper.
Offensive language isn't really adding to the conversation.
Your sentiment is right but this subreddit has strict rules about certain language. Please watch this in the future.
Offensive, homophobic language has no part in any conversation.
This is inappropriate. Please watch the language.
Using ableist slurs don't add anything to the conversation.
Not sure what's going on here but this is toeing a line. Be Careful.
Offensive language isn't making you seem as intelligent as you think you are.
This is all bordering on sexism and is frankly plain ignorant. Please consider using different words.
This conversation is absurd and borders on hate speech. Let's watch the language please.
Using language that is violent against people with disabilities makes everything you're saying seem invalid. It makes you seem ignorant.
Stop using medical conditions, racism and political propaganda as insults.
Using language that's violent towards people with disabilities just maesk you sound ignorant and makes people distrust your argument.
There's absolutely no reason to use that word to get your point across. Many females find it highly offensive.
Offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities or are from racial groups as others may find this offensive
Offensive language based on disability and race is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
The woman's behavior stands for itself. You don't need to insult a whole gender to express your displeasure.
Offensive language based on disability is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Just because you don't like the woman doesn't make it necessary to use such an offensive term. All it does is make you look bad too.
That's a very general and inappropriate way of dismissing the facts here, calling people "retards."
Please refrain from using slurs against the disabled.
While I agree with your statement for the most part, using the word "retarded" to describe the beliefs undermines your argument.
Please do not use hate speech against the disabled.
1: Calling her those names doesn't actually show what she did wrong. And using those names undermines your arguments.
The words "bit-h" and "c--t" are offensive, unnecessary and should be avoided in this forum.
Hate speech against someone's gender and death threats will not be tolerated.
3: Calling her that name undermines your argument! 4: Wow. That is really hateful speech and seriously untrue.
Slurs against someone's gender or race will not further this conversation and is unacceptable.
Using those words to describe the women who were brave enough to stand up for themselves is entirely unhelpful.
Refrain from using hate speech about someone's gender.
Using ableist slurs isn't gonna help you get respect from anyone.
Do not use a mental disability for your own personal insult.
Some people dedicate years of their life to manual labor. They work long days because no one else will and often do overtime.
Hard to respect your opinion when you use offensive language like that.
Do not use that type of offensive sexual language when responding.
Feminism isn't about abandoning anything. It's to get paid equally and respected as a human being rather being seen as a lesser species.
Using offensive language like that completely undermines any intelligent things you had to say.
Avoid using hateful terms and sexual terms when responding to others.
Educating is far more effective of a tool than degradation.
Using ableist slurs in an attempt to deflect doesn't really make you seem very level headed.
Please avoid insulting others with terms tat deal with disabilities.
Political party holds no title to be demeaned, as they just mean a set of beliefs not facts.Free speech comes at a cost.
You can make controversial and argumentative points and NOT cross the line into hate speech you know.
You cross over into being a dick when you can't seem to develop a vocabulary beyond a few hateful words.
Please don't use offensive language like this.  We need constructive debates in order to make progress.
Calling your debate opponent autistic, or "ret--ded," with no evidence for either is not helping your position.
It's one thing to not agree with a lifestyle, it is another to celebrate their suicides.
The harmful and offensive language is  completely unnecessary.  If this is how you feel about things then please keep them to yourself
"Ret--ds" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
Really, both of you are using horribly bigoted terms.
Yes, this term is incredibly offensive and has no place being used in this forum.  Keep your negative opinions and attitudes to yourself.
That is just awful. Anyone taking advantage of a bedridden person is just evil. I hope she's in jail.
Racism and sexism are not acceptable on this site. Continue to use such language and receive an IP ban.
It goes to show how hyper sensitive people are becoming when light touch can become a nightmare.
"Ret--d(ed)," "c--t," and "b--ch" are all offensive terms of hate; please find a way to express your opinion without them.
If you can't make a point without ableist language, then you'll face a suspension. If you then continue to post hate speech you'll be banned
I actually did see this and I don't think any part of the game was racist at all.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it certainly detracts from your message.
Your points fall flat if you need to rely on ableist language to make them. Continued use of such language can lead to a ban.
If my son was this boy I would be making a bigger noise for my child. These girls need a penalty or this will happen again somewhere else.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided because it targets all women.
No matter your reason, refrain from using sexist language or face a suspension or possible ban.
I have been hurt by many men in my life, and I still don't agree with all the male negativity going on today.
There's no excuse for ableist language. Continued use will lead to a suspension.
Could it be that they are sick, and we should not diminish their feelings but instead just listen and offer advice that is actually helpful.
Equality in payment between gender is important and until it affected you I am 100 percent sure you would complain as well.
No one is retarded, they are just stating their opinion. Retarded can offend people, especially a person who is actually mentally not ok.
Please convey your thoughts in a way that is not disgraceful to others.
Using the word 'cunt' as an insult is offensive to women as its a direct attack based on gender
Your words are quite abrasive so please limit the hurtful comments.
Using the word 'retarded' as an insult is a direct attack to the mentally disabled
Haha I've never seen someone be that vocally afraid of women.
Send out your comments with more congenial expressions please.
Using 'cunt' as an insult is offensive to women since its a direct attack based on gender
Please communicate your opinions in a manner that is more congenial.
Using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to women since its a direct attack to the mentally disabled
Sad that you think it's okay to use ableist slurs in an attempt to add to the discussion.
2. inadequate expression: "piss poor retarded attempt
While the legal defense may have been poor, bringing the intellectually disabled into this is unwarranted.
Sad that you think it's funny to use misogynistic slurs in an attempt at humor.
2.  " a shit about your mom being dead"
3.  " sex with the corpse"
4.  sex his dead mom 
7. "fuck OP"
8. "fucking cunt"
Your mother would be ashamed of you. Stop using the c word.
Sad that you think using offensive slurs is funny.
1 firecracker
3 stupid bot
4 what a cracker
6 cracker
7 newmug
8 retard bot
9 newmug
10 cunt
Hey, maybe the bot is right. Let's not use slurs.
Can't take you seriously when you use offensive language like that.
2  "only retards believe in"
While astrology may be dubious pseudoscience, bringing the intellectually disabled into this is unfair.
The name calling and foul language shows a lack of comprehension of the topic.
Using the word faggot as an insult does not only affect the person you are calling a faggot but it also effects the entire LGTB community.
Name calling doesn't make any points.
Using your own personal negative experience with a couple women to describe half the worlds population is using flawed logic.
This foul language shows a lack of intelligence.
This language is incredibly inappropriate and should not be used to describe people
You should not use that word to talk about women. It is very offensive
People do and say things without thinking sometimes, which does not warrant you saying something this aggressive about them.
It is ok for you to express your opinion but you could do it without using that word to describe this women.
Women are just as valuable to society as men.  They are able to perform the same tasks and develop the same exact skills set as an man
Stop using a medical condition to insult others.
Using the slur here hurts and demeans women, alienates, and is not acceptable.
I don't know what that word means, but I think it's hate speech. Think about how you'd feel if someone called you that.
Think about how you would feel if someone said that to you. Also, reported for using hate speech.
Using the r-word here hurts and demeans people with mental disabilities, alienates, and is not acceptable.
Guys, people have been killed over this dichotomous, us-versus-them discourse before. Let's not use hate speech and treat each other kindly.
Let's just accept that there are extremists on both ends of the spectrum and move on. Attacking them like this only fuels their fire.
Speaking of rape, intellectually disabled people are  more likely to experience sexual assault! Their lives are awful, let's not insult them
This discourse is great. It's important that we share different opinions, but attacking people like this will drop your credibility.
Remove the word and your point is still made
Homeless people are not helpless. Some do have mental illness and we do nothing to help them. Others are lost in a failed system.
Someone needs to learn to hold a conversation without using childish insults.
The post violates many terms of service
If you stopped all that negative commenting I might be able to understand the topic of conversation.
The point can still be made without that word
I think only a woman is a lesbian, but I might be wrong.
It's okay to not want to reproduce with someone you don't find attractive. You cannot prevent someone from finding a more suitable mate.
The use of foul language makes the point that is trying to be made that much harder to understand.
Her rack has nothing to do with what happened to her. Objectifying a woman while also insulting her isn't okay.
Talking about women in such a manner shows a serious lack of respect.
That word doesn't really apply. You never know who has a kid or a sibling that has had that word thrown at them in the ugliest way.
The use of foul language makes it difficult to see the point that was trying to be made.
The foul language makes people less inclined to see the point of view of others.
Stop using medical conditions and political choices as insults.
For such sharp wit and tongues, your as dull as a machete which has a blade and a handle, otherwise known as a KNIFE. Carry on...
The concept of a woman raping a man is new to me, but I can see how it's possible.
Well, we know they have an opinion, a long one. All doubt has been removed, thank you for speaking and clearing that up.
I wish the USA had $10 daycare when my kids were small!
I'm sure Our Lord would agree with the 1st part, but probably not so much the other. I can actually see him shaking his head at the doc.
Perhaps the airline just didn't know she was a doctor. Wow that is a bit much.
Race is irrelevant,courtesy and understanding is not. If the kid could have given the lady the bird, this would be a meme not an issue. Lol
The whole thing is a mess. I am a white person who likes to write letters and 9/10 times I get what I ask for.
Please use language that is respectful of women.
I'd be more interested in hearing your side of this if you didn't use that word.
A woman should never be refered to with that term no matter what her behavior.
Please use language that is respectful of sexual orientation and the differently abled.
You should consider burden someone has wtih a metal disability and how difficult it mus be for their loved ones. Also Homophobia is not OK.
It's really hard to want to listen to you when you use words like those.
Would you feel the same way if someone sexually assaulted your mother because a man bought her a drink and felt entitled to ?
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here.
Most people of all races aren't bilingual.
You can't really correct people while being insultive, even if they're obviously wrong.
We are all global citizens, and we should be mindful of that in the 21st century.
While both parties might be in the wrong, hate speech isn't warranted.
Just because you may not like someone, you still should not call them derogatory names
I seriously doubt people are actually 'triggered' by winter. Also, don't use hate speech towards the intellectually disabled.
Offensive language based on disability and sexual orientation is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Hey guys, if we want people to view us as being in the right, we shouldn't use hate speech like the r-word.
The 'r' word is incredibly offensive and I think everyone should refrain from using it
Hey, let's be kinder to the intellectually disabled and not lump them in with frivolous lawsuit makers.
The 'r' word is really offensive, you shouldn't be using it
How can you make jabs at feminists and people who are autistic, its beyond their control.
Those people are repressed, how dare you have the nerve to shame them for you to gain points.
Equality? Those people fought for marriage equality for many years and you just want to spit on their face by calling them derogatory names.
Here, some cheap jabs but calling people names, i'm sure you can mark them off on your vocabulary list, which is very limited.
The terms "f--g(ot)" and the "n-word" are offensive to many people and so should not be used in a political commentary.
stop gender bashing.
Using the c word is being a little mysoginist. Try again.
Stop gender bashing.
The word 'faggot' needs to reconsidered here, we're in the 21st century
Stop using words to bash sexual choices of others.
Its not right to use the word 'autistic' the way you have, all people deserve respect
Please stop gender bashing and using serious medical conditions to express yourself.
The R word isn't a joke. All people deserve respect
stop using medical conditions as insults.
Regardless of how you feel about this person.  A derogatory term for females should not be used to express your opinion.
No need to attack women.
Please use language that is respectful towards different sexual orientations and gender identities.
Do not use that word.  It is incredibly offensive and has no place in conversations.
Sorry people aren't all the same like you.
You can't define someone by their sexuality as people act out of their perceived norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
People of all kinds have needs. Try to have an open mind.
Everyone deserves to be treated with respect, and that's all that the OP is asking for, that doesn't mean that he's needy.
Referring to someone as going "full retard" is obscene and offensive. Try to understand why she is the way she is.
Just because someone disagrees with you, doesn't make them a "garbage human" or a "retard".
Let's try to keep the language civil.
Offensive slurs aren't really part of an intelligent conversation.
Try to use language that doesn't disparage someone.
I wouldn't compare disabilities to this. Come on dude.
Can't take anyone seriously when they think it's okay to use ableist slurs.
Your rhetoric needs work. Try a different way to describe a female.
Wow, woman hater...
Nobody's gonna listen to you and take you seriously when you use offensive language like that.
Slow down, think, and do research on your topic. There is no reason to feel personally attacked when a study says something.
This is clearly a hoax. Secondly, don't bring the intellectually disabled into this. And stop using slurs.
"Cu--ts" and "ret---(ed)" are demeaning and offensive and so do not belong in intelligent commentary.
It is not fair to call someone crazy, especially when you do not know all the facts of the case.
Hey, terms like that are ableist. Please be more respectful to mentally ill people and don't use them.
Think more and look more into the subject you are talking about. You cannot argue someone into believing you point of view without facts.
Speaking of getting penalized for verbal abuse, I'm reporting you to the mods. Stop using slurs.
There is no reason to call someone a name just because they do or say something you disagree with or dislike
I cannot believe you would use such language on a public forum. I am your grandmother and I am horrified.
You are simultaneously talking down to a person for their rude words, while using rude words yourself. This doesn't make sense.
Wow, guys, let's try respecting women and the intellectually disabled a little more.
"Cu--t(s)" and "ret---ed" are terms of hate and ignorance and have no place in compelling argument
As silly as people sort of panicking about nuking their neighbors is, labeling them an offensive term attacking women is not needed.
Using the c-word here to insult hurts and demeans women, alienates, and is not acceptable in our conversations.
"C--t(s)" as used here is gratuitous and offensive; it should be avoided.
Those terms are derogatory to black people and women. Now that you are all aware, we should learn and move forward from this.
Using the slurs here to insult hurts and demeans, alienates, and is not acceptable in our conversations
I understand you do not like the videos, but words like those are offensive and demeaning to those with disabilities.
Using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans women, alienates, and is not acceptable in our conversations
It would be better to not attack her because she is female. If you disagree with her ideals then debate those, not her gender.
Using the c-word here to insult hurts and demeans women, alienates, and is not acceptable in our conversations
You mention class but then use an offensive word attacking a woman just because she is female. Follow your own advice, it's quite good.
You would be taken more seriously if you debated your opinion without name calling and insults.
I understand you're trying to make a point but please watch the language.
Even if you don't agree with her behavior there is no reason to identify her with a vulgar name.  We can discuss without insults.
I understand the argument you're trying to make but please watch the language.
We can argue our opinions without resorting to vulgar and insulting name calling.  Its important to respect everyone and their beliefs.
This is disturbing and inappropriate. This is your first and only warning.
I would take you more seriously if you could debate your point of view without vulgar insults that are offensive.
I understand this is frustrating news but please watch your language.
I know you are trying to be flippant but its important to be respectful and not use vulgar insults for those with mental disabilities.
This language is no longer acceptable. Please adjust.
Stop with the gender and racist slurs.
We should focus on the topic and not attack someone with racially charged language when criticizing their actions
Using "bi--h," "c--t" and the "n word" all reflect both an enormous amount of bottled anger and a high level of insensitivity. Avoid here.
feminists might have another viewpoint and additional concerns but calling them insulting names is not helpful or acceptable for discourse
Stop using gender based slurs.
trans people, like all people, can have opinions that differ from yours and that is ok, what is not ok is attacking them for their identity
This use of the "c---" term to refer to another person is gratuitous and offensive; it should be avoided.
Using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans others that are not like you, alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations.
While that may be of poor quality, using hate speech is unwarranted.
I really want people to stop censoring comics. We grew up with these comics this way so leave them alone.
I doubt they are intellectually disabled, but if they were, it would not change their value as a human.
Using the slurs here to insult hurts and demeans women, alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations.
They need better cameras on there so that she can get arrested.
Using the c-word here to insult hurts and demeans women, alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations.
Waking up to reality can be hard. Like waking up to the reality that you're a terrible person for using hate speech. I wish you luck with it
I am afraid to ask what this dance is all about.
You're not being the person Jesus thought you could be, using the c word like that.
Good luck having that profession and ever being taken serious if that really does happen in the future. Terrible thing to lie about.
To use the word cunt is far too abrasive. If you use this language, it doesn't open up a conversation, it starts a fight.
Perhaps you should take to heart that people are telling you your actions are hurting them.
It's better to take the high road. Calling people names like "hick," "retard" and "cousin fucker" don't add to the conversation.
Why do you have to use such harsh language.  You could be much more civilized and your opinions would be much more coherent.
Even if you are trying to defend other people, resorting to this language makes you look bad.
Resorting to base namecalling, like retard and cunt, doesn't help a conversation. It starts an argument. Avoid namecalling at all costs.
Why does everyone have to use such offensive language.  just because someone disagrees with you, there is no reason to use that language.
This makes the conversation silly and meanspirited, when it could have taken another direction.
This post contans homophobic slurs. Please express your point without using such words.
Stop using racism and sexual choices as insults.
Offensive language based on sexual orientation and disability is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Its kinda like a long running musical, its great
Let's maintain maturity and not use words that insult people's sexuality.
Every one needs to learn patients, then everyone would be less grumpy
Just because someone's name sounds a certain way doesn't mean anything about them, that's narrow minded.
Hey, let's not treat the intellectually disabled like that. How do you think they feel about being used as insults?
Your usage of the word that describes the female genetalia in a derogatory way exemplifies your virginity
Here's an idea! Why don't you stop calling women derogatory names and let us have our fun without poisoning the discourse?
While terrorism is never laudable, neither is the use of slurs.
The banning on social media is out of hand. Looks like free speech is no longer accepted online.
The use of this slur is offensive and hurtful as it denigrates homosexuals.
I am sure some players enjoy this option, but if it's offensive don't play.
You know, that comment is really sexist and offensive. You should edit it or take it down.
Resisting arrest is never a good option.
Use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates women.
There is no need to resort to violent insults.
I want to engage in this conversation with you, but it is hard when you use words like those.
That is just rude. No one's face should be slapped, and no one should be called a cunt face.
Retarded is inappropriate way to classify someone's political stance.
It's very hard to understand your point of view when you use that word.
Just because you believe someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they need to be called retarded.
Calling someone a "retard" is an ignorant way of getting your point across.
You'd get your point across in a more effective manner if you didn't use that word.
Retard is such an offensive word. There are better words to express how you feel about someone, without being so offensive.
Using the word "retarded" really cheapens the quality of the argument.
This is an interesting perspective but it's hard to digest when you use a word like that.
Something you don't agree with does not need to be called retarded. That word is offensive to a lot of people.
Using the word "cunt" is probably why your getting so much push-back...
Just because you don't care what someone has to say doesn't mean you should tell them to "fuck off" and/or call them a cunt.
The r-word is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive denigration of people with disabilities
Disable the chatbox from displaying offensive words.
Horrible and offensive slurs like these have no place in civilized discourse.
People have the rights to practice any sexuality they deem fit, as far as it isn't harming others. We shouldn't insult them for it.
Have the chatbox type*&^% when offensive words are typed in a comment.
Your response holds no relevancy here.
Please don't refer to Asians using outdated and derogatory names.
Leftists only have opinions that differ from yours. Regardless how "off" the comments they should not be referred to as "retarded'.
It is considered rude to use derogatory terms regarding a person's disability.
Don't use medical conditions to bash political choices of others.
The word "retard" is not an acceptable term for anyone. Plea your case without the so unnecessary name calling.
There is now reason to ever use a term so offensive to disabled people.
Stop gender bashing and using medical conditions to insult others.
Both of you are acting childish. Your entitled to your own opinions but name calling isn't getting either of you anywhere.
We don't need to use insults at all, especially though offensive to the disabled.
Don't use gender bashing or medical conditions to insult others.
Hey now there is no reason to use a mental disability as an insult
The 'r' word is offensive and should not be used to further your argument
Can't take you seriously when you have ableism in your comment.
I would like to ask you to stop using inappropriate language when posting.
The 'r' word is very offensive and there are other words you could have used to prove your point
Any intelligent thing you had to say is ruined by the ableist slur you included in your comment.
Avoid using vulgar slurs when responding on regards to religion or sexes.
There are better alternatives to using the 'c' word here
The language in these posts is uncalled for.  You don't even know what this person was dealing with so why immediately resort to insulting.
Stop bashing medical conditions, gender,nationality, political choices,religious choices and sexual choices!
Please refrain from using stereotypes, profanity, and derogatory remarks about others' sexuality.
Your language is uncalled for.  This term is incredibly demeaning and should not be used under any circumstances.
Please refrain from using profanity and referring to individuals based on something outside their control.
Please find a way to relay opinions without resorting to profanity or racial stereotype terminology.
Don't insult medical conditions and political choices.
Please refrain from using terminology that is a direct attack on someone's disability.
Not sure what is going on here but you all need to watch the language and calm down.
Please opt for using other words to define stupid or unlogical actions, ot prevent association with mental handicaps.
Using foul language doesn't make your point more valid.
This is a generalisation based on origin, and should be avoided as these  situations happen all over the world.
Name calling speaks volumes to that persons characteristics.
Watch the language. This is not acceptable.
Gender stereotyping should be avoided as it bears no value to this discussion
All of the name calling and foul language takes away from the point that is trying to be made.
This conversation is getting heated. Please watch the language.
The use of name calling and foul language doesn't make the point more valid.
We should still be mindful of what others might think or feel about the issue
Using yours or others personal experience to define non binary as mentally unstable is probably not accurate. See if there are some studies.
Regardless of what they are using, you should not fall to their level and start insulting
Please use appropriate sexual terminology.
Its offensive to use 'dyke' as its a direct attack based on someone's sexual orientation
Please stop using a gender bashing word.
Using the word 'cunts'  is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Stop using gender bashing terms!
stop using a gender bashing word.
Using the word 'ttwat'  is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Using the term "tw-t" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
Please do not use a disability to prove a point on your point, and do not use hateful cultural terms against a race.
So people disagreeing with you means they can't function. Gotcha.
Woah now, stop using vulgar sexual terms on these posts.
Sheesh, that took me by surprise. A little aggressive with the insults.
Do not use offensive words referring to disabilities to belittle others
Wow, that's aggressive.
Do not respond to others using hateful and sexual language.
Man, you seem really angry.
Cultural appropriation is a serious issue.  It is not respectful to use slurs for mentally challenged people as insults.  Argue using facts.
This is incredibly offensive and unacceptable.
I would take your post more seriously if you didn't use vulgar terms referring to people who are homosexual.  Being homosexual is not wrong.
Watch the language. This in inappropriate.
I understand you do not agree with the Michigan voters, but please do not use insulting descriptions of mental disabilities.
Watch the language. I understand your sentiment but you can avoid that kind of speech.
Let's watch the language. I understand you're quoting an article but you can censor yourselves.
I understand you don't agree with the law, but disrespecting mentally disabled individuals is not going to argue your point.
Guys, we are grown ups. We can discuss without calling names.
Hey, let's not use slurs against the intellectually disabled.
Wow you need to do more research before you come on here and spew hatred.
While certain words do imply certain cultural regions, calling people slurs is never warranted.
I'm not sure if your post was meant to be hateful or funny, but it was offensive.
Might have missed it but name calling not needed.
Wow, way to use hate speech against someone you think is wrong. How understanding of you! So kind.
That kind of language shows a lack of character in my opinion.
Let's be kinder to the intellectually disabled, and not compare them to rabbids.
Please don't use the r-word in your posts. Intellectual disabilities are not rare and that word is offensive to families/ friends everywhere
Wow! please do not use that vulgar word to voice your opinion.
Lets not use hateful terms regarding sexual orientation or a disability
It's hard to respect anything you have to say when you use ableist slurs in your arguments.
Stop bashing peoples' sexuality and medical conditions.
Do not respond to others if you cannot speak without using vulgar terms.
Avoid using a persons disability as an insult to others.
You may have had a good point, but it was ruined by the ableist slur.
Avoid using deragatory language when describing people or process'.  Avoid using profanity when describing objects
That word is offensive to many females. Please refrain from using it.
Avoid using sexually explicit terms (i.e.  [cunt]   )
There's no reason to use that word. It's highly offensive to homosexuals.
Consider using more appropriate terms when describing individuals.  Avoid deragatory terms that are biased towards specific populations
Your post uses speech that denigrates religion and/or sexual orientation in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
Just because you don't agree with the doesn't mean you have to resort to using such derogatory terms.
Avoid using profane language. Omit term [cunt].. Replace deragtory words with socially appropriate terms.
You could have not used the word "retarded" and had productive comment to input here.
Saying retarded is offensive and ableist.
I don't know if a hair cut comment deserves an attack like that.
The word cunt is offensive to women and you should not use it to describe this woman.
I think there could be a better descriptive word rather than calling something by a derogatory term for a disability.
The word retarded is ableist and offensive.
Let's take personal vendettas out of this feed and somewhere more private if we are calling names and arguing back and forth.
Immigrants and muslims are humans and are not threatening your way of life.
Using that kind of language isn't helping anyone and is irrelevant
People can say things spur of the moment that, if they reflected on it more, they might not. Case in point: the women above... and us, too
Who cares what people do as long as it doesn't affect your life at all
Let's all have high standards... and try to keep this civil!
Generalizations based on race are never a great idea... let's focus on the players themselves
using that language isn't helping anyone, none of this affects you
I don't think any of us can speak for all of one gender... Let's try to just speak for ourselves, right?
Would you call your mother a cunt?
Derogatory terms are unnecessary.  You could have expressed your opinion without name calling and insults
If a woman made most of the money than legally she must pay alimony. It doesn't matter what he spends it on. Law is law.
Retard is an inappropriate and disparaging way to refer to anyone.
Demeaning terms meant to insult people with real legitimate disabilities is uncalled for.  That language should never be used.
People can say the same for every party. Some has merit but not everyone is bad.
Declaring that a gender has a mental disability is disruptive to the conversation.
Your language is completely uncalled for.  Using a derogatory term directed at people with legitimate disabilities is wrong.
Exactly, not everyone is bad. We need to stop grouping everyone into one group.
Gender stereotyping and harmful descriptions will not help your argument.
We all need to calm down. Gender equality is long over due, but not to the extreme that we get more than men.
Homosexuality slurs do not make your opinions more valid.
Why would you use this demeaning term to express your opinion about someone that you do not even know.  this was uncalled for.
I love Trump too!
Woah now, please do not use sexually vulgar language when you post on here.
Please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language that attacks someone based on their gender.
Talking down on someone and calling them names isn't going to get anyone to listen to your point of view.
Hey now please do not use disabilities as insults and try to be civil when voicing your opinion.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult as well as attacking others for their race.
Name calling and using foul language leads to nothing but pointless arguments.
Try not to use that vulgar language when you describe someone.
Please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language when speaking about others.
Calling people names and not using much reasoning will not get people to understand your point of view.
There is no place for that hateful language against sexual orientation on this site.
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs when commenting.
Calling names and using foul language does not solve the problem.
It is excruciatingly painful to push a kid out, have some respect for your mother.
But it does make you worthy of basic respect.
It doesn't make you special but it does warrant some extra considerations.
You shouldn't call someone white trash by their looks.
Best to avoid racial slurs
Yeah but it's best not to make sweeping generalizations about people. They both might need some help is all.
So your calling your mother one.
This concept of "sjw" needs to die. There is no point to a gender/sex war either. We are all humans and should be working together.
You dont know the reason, what if she had a bladder problem.
Let's not condemn them so harshly for their behavior. They must be super drunk and are not in control.
Let's watch the language a little bit please.
Responding in such a dramatic way to a comment is not going to help to leave a positive impression of your group.
Let's avoid this language. I understand your anger but this borders on misogynistic.
stop using gender based insults.
I can see that you've been upset by this crime, but you don't need to treat women this way as a group.
This kind of language isn't acceptable anymore.
This is a really childish word to use under these circumstances and there was no cause for it.
This kind of language isn't appropriate anymore. Try to be more careful.
Please don't speak this way about a dead man or his constituents.
Watch the usage of your language please.
Stop using medical conditions and peoples' political choices as insults.
Thinking of your ideological opponents in this way is going to change your ability to think rationally.
That term is misogynistic, especially in this context.
Do not allow offensive words to be typed in the chatbox.
While she may be misappropriating the money you turning female genitalia into a slur is just silly.
Do not allow offensive words to be typed in the chatbox
Vilifying female genitalia and comparing corporate policy to the holocaust are intellectual cop outs to make your points.
Do not allow offensive words to be typed in the chat box.
To claim someone has an intellectual disability because you don't agree with their opinion is silly.
Write a program stopping offensive words from being displayed in the chatbox.
You could have expressed your opinion in an intelligent way but you decided not to.
Please do not use that incentive language to insult someone.
Using ableist slurs doesn't help make your point.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not productive
Any point you were trying to make is ruined by the ableism in your comment.
Don't use that type of hateful language to insult someone.
Using ableist slurs doesn't help further your point in any way.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care
Hey there do not use that disability term to insult someone
Using ableist slurs doesn't help further any point you were trying to make.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding
Hard to take you seriously when you think it's okay to use offensive language like that.
Slang terms for female genitalia are not permitted.
It's never a sign of intelligence when someone uses an ableist slur.
Racist and offensive slang terms for people with disabliles are not permitted
Can't take you seriously with your use of misogynistic slurs.
Slang terms for female genitalia are not permitted
Using the word 'cunt' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Use of the term cunt is offensive and against reddit policy.
Using 'retards' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Use of the word retards is offensive to people with actual mental disabilities and against reddit policy.
Using 'faggots' is offensive and inappropriate because its a direct attack based on one's sexual orientation
Use of the term faggot is offensive and against reddit policy.
Using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Use of the term retarded is offensive and against reddit policy.
its inappropriate to use words such as fag and dyke as they directly attack people based on their sexual orientation
Fag and dyke are offensive and against reddit policy.
This type of language isn't acceptable.  If you don't have anything constructive to say, don't say it.
This is an extremely derogatory term.  Even though it wasn't specifically directed at someone in particular, it's highly offensive.
Referring to women in that term is extremely offensive, even if that person is in the wrong.
That word is offensive to women and should be used in this manner.
Utilizing that term is extremely demeaning to gay people.  It is a hurtful word that shouldn't be used in this context.
Don't use such words, they are offensive. You can be kinder.
Please eliminate the speech that is offensive to those with intellectual disabilities.
"Ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families
Do not use such words while referring to a female.
Please stop the offensive language toward women and use words that are more respectful.
Using "c---"  to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
The words being used are extremely offensive and uncalled for.
Please look at the words you use against women and communicate with more neutral speech.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses and derogatory terms as insults on this platform.
As a female I think that women who lie about rape should be arrested and put in jail for a min of 60 days.
There is a woman trying to express pain and you are making this an unsafe conversation for her.
You should look into the history of these movements, it might help you to understand why people are reacting badly to it.
If Hillary took money from her I mean she didn't know the connection. No I am not a Hillary fan, I'm not a Hilary fan, just saying.
These words are really out of place in this conversation and you should try to be more thoughtful.
This is the world we live in now. Everyone is offended by everything.
You should meet more disabled people and ask them how they feel about this word.
It must of been pretty bad for her to get fired. As a woman I do think other ladies are getting a little out of hand with this stuff.
You should try to listen to people who are telling you that they are being hurt.
While I can appreciate the point of view and the sentiment, I don't agree with the lack of good language.
I agree that small crimes resulting in jail time do create a worse criminals. But the reform should be for everyone.
Although I know everyone is entitled to an opinion, I don't agree with calling anyone vulgar or hurtful things.
Everyone has different personalities.  I find some people harder to 'read' in general, men and women.
Well men and women can be moody but neither are those words.
Although that terminology is commonly used, I do not agree with using bad names or stereotypes.
It's not okay to insult anyone based on just their location or color.  I have lived in the north and south and both can be racist and mean.
Honestly I think every nationality has a tendency to not be socially diverse unless forced. I grew up in a mix community and it's great.
While I agree with the fact that there is embarrassment going on, it's not proper or polite to use hurtful language to get a point across.
Good she should be fired. Nobody should be making such false accusations against another person.
Don't insult women by associating us with him, please!
This word is derogatory to women.  It might be a good idea to think about your response before posting it next time.
I don't like her either, but using this term is really offensive to those who actually have that condition.
This word is extremely offensive to the mentally challenged.  You might want to think about the effects that your words have before posting
You can voice your disapproval without offending the entire female gender with that slur.
That response is demeaning to women.  Next time, respond withing using offensive language.
I agree with the underlying point, that blanket censorship is wrong, but the hate speech is rampant in this post.
The term retarded is highly offensive to the mentally challenged community
Please think about your choice of words so that others aren't wounded with them.
You'd sway more people with that argument if you made it without using such offensive slurs.
It's obviously not as black and white as this. Also, you're complaining about be labeled anti feminism but using that word. Interesting.
The words you offer are uncomfortable to others so please change the tone.
When you use that word it makes me discount your opinion.
Interesting that you consider yourself so smart but can't think of better ways to express your view
Please stop the language that harms others and try to use words that are not so injurious.
When you say that word it makes me it difficult for me to want to engage in conversation with you.
I hope you can resolve whatever issue is making you so angry at these other groups that you feel the need to only refer to them by slurs
Take out the language that is damaging others souls please.
When you use those words they completely invalidate your point.
It's funny how insecure women make you feel. I hope you can find the power to change one day
Delete the horrible comments and replace them with ones that are not so detrimental.
You'd have a stronger argument if you didn't use such an offensive word.
Difference in political opinions does not warrant calling other users slurs.
First step of intervention would be for ppl not to respond to the hater because the first step of ANY intervention is to arrest the behavior
Ask the person to please refrain from using profanity and name calling.
While projection in this case may be misguided, comparing it to the intellectually disabled is an unkind action to take.
Try to use more descriptive adjectives that are more sensitive to others.
Don't mention the n-word in full unless you're black, it's unkind to them.
delete the whole entire thing and throw both users off the platform
Please refrain from swearing and also inappropriate sexual innuendos.
Please don't call people from Appalachia that word, it is a negative stereotype that misrepresents them.
delete the convo and throw both users off the platform
Please refrain from using stereotypes against particular individuals.
You missed the part where you're not supposed to call people slurs based on female genitalia.
suspend the second user.. well the user 1 actually
Please refrain from using sexist and vulgar language.
I am sure that these people have done nothing to you and you do not need to talk about them like this.
User 4: please do not accuse people of having intellectual disabilities as a way of insulting them
Just because someone has a learning disability doesn't make them less than you.
I get that you are upset, but using those words will not solve anything.
You should not use that word to describe someone
Please do not insult people by saying they have mental disabilities.
Just because someone has a mental disability doesn't make them less than you.
You should not use that word to describe people
Please do not claim people have mental disabilities as a way of disparaging them.
Just because someone has a learning disability doesn't mean that they are less than you.
I do not like this term.
can you not respond without being offensive
Please refrain from using such derogatory terms - there are much more constructive ways to make your point.
That term really bothers me.
Well you could have made your point without such strong language.
Using words like this create a culture of hatred - there are more constructive ways to make your point.
Arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown around
you all are out of control. check yourselves
good arguments here but it gets lost in the hate
This is sort of hateful.
another seemingly good potential debate ruined by idiocy
You call user1 triggered, yet you angrily call him mentaliy disabled? A simple "stupid" is good enough.
You can get your point across without using the word retarded, thank you.
You both can make your points by just saying that the other is ill informed.  There is no need to bring up disabilities.
Please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language and mental illnesses as insults.
When you resort to using stupid slurs, you know your argument isn't as strong. Grow up.
Sony really did mess up here.  It is clear as day.  You could have said that without using a slur though.  I still agree with you.
"retarded" is so outdated. use something else.
This is the first time I heard bacon is male and pumpkin spice is female. Also I was a pumpkin spice fan too until it was everywhere.
Using such foul language doesn't make a point anymore valid.
I really hope that she didn't commit sexual assault because then it just makes her entire argument false.
Slandering someone in such a way speaks volumes about the people doing it.
inform what actual disability and mental handicap is
The world is going insane with all these gender choices. Just pick one and stick with it already.
The use of such foul language shows a lack of understanding for the topic.
I say it over and over but these topics don't belong in our comics. As a comic lover since a child it's not funny anymore.
The use of foul language make people think there is a lack of understanding of the topic being discussed.
I empathize that you have concerns, but please use language that is more fitting.
The whole idea of the zombie is getting a little tired, but they make a lot of money so it works for the industry.
When discussing a topic, let's keep it friendly. We can all agree to disagree without name calling.
Please eliminate the detestable language and use words that are more fair.
Not only should he sue her but she needs to be arrested. Women like her are why others are not believed when claiming rape.
While I understand your point of view, we can avoid using hateful speech towards this woman in a derogatory way.
Take out the negativity please and stick to the concerns.
I wish I could get paid Before actually working. That would be nice.
Using the "n" word does not make your point more valid. Please refrain from the use of derogatory terms in the thread.
Please take out the rude remarks and say something productive.
The whole thing is crazy. We are all humans and need to stop this racism already, it's 2019.
Pretty funny, but name calling isn't cool. Other people have their own opinions her. Keep it peaceful.
A term used in this post has been deemed as offensive and unacceptable to use on this site.
Whoa dude. No need to use that kind of language. It would have been netter if you didn't respond at all.
It's strange to see the words courtesy and cunt in the same sentence.
It seems to me your main problem is with her viewpoint not her gender. There's no need to call her a cunt.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that. So depressing.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that kind of thought.
Lol "you disagree with me, but I can't actually argue against you, so I'll just use a slur"
This term is highly offensive. I'm not sure why we can't insult each other without using it. You can get your dislike across in other ways.
Please be nice to each other.
Interesting that you criticize somebody for using slurs, but then do the exact same thing
What's really ugly is using terminology that offends an entire gender just to express your distaste.
There's no reason to use that language.
Your participation in this sub along with your choice to use slurs says so much about where you're at in life
We get it. You don't like her. There's no reason to use such an offensive term just to express that.
Just call them a woman.
I wonder if he was arrested if she lied and said he hit her. Hopefully a video was taken.
All women want is respect and to be paid equally, simple.
Rick will probably win this case too.
Being a celebrity or known in a city isn't all that great. It attracts a lot of different types of unwanted company.
As Americans we all really need to come together and stop seeing color. We all bleed red, so we're all the same deep inside.
I don't think that you should spend your time disputing numbers backed by research.
I'm sure most "American cops" wouldn't appreciate being defended by someone who throws around slurs instead of having legitimate arguments.
People are allowed to critique institutions that serve them even if they're not a part of them.
Wow, angry at women for something so simple. Come on dude.
If you are really worried about injustice you shouldn't be using that word.
I think you might be providing evidence for the misogyny argument... just saying.
It isn't supporting your argument to jump right to this kind of anger.
Yup, because misogyny means you're right! /s
Interesting that that's all you could come up with to comment on the situation
Using female genitals as an insult is outdated and unacceptable.
That kind of language is an attack on her female identity.
Seems like you just like to name call instead of try to understand things that confuse you
You could make your point without disrespecting individuals with mental disabilities.
This is an attack on trans women, implying that they cannot be beautiful.
Ironic that you guys are using slurs to call people stupid, but you don't even bother to fully inform yourself on what you're commenting on
Your point could have been made in a way that seemed intelligent instead.
Interesting that you qualify a slur before using it because you already know it is wrong to say
While her behavior may be suspect your practice of using female genitalia as a derogatory term is also.
Using that kind of language toward a trans woman is an attack on her gender identity.
So many ways you could have intelligently conveyed your views, but instead you just used a slur and now nobody takes you seriously
Female genitalia should be revered. They bring life into the world.
Despite her wrongful actions, using that kind of language is attacking women.
I'd be more apt to agree with you if you didn't use that word.
The article is full of hate, no need for you to add more.
While this woman's actions are horrible please refrain from using vulgar slang in describing individuals.
When you use that word it makes it hard for me to take your perspective seriously.
You're basically mocking half of America.
When you use that word it invalidates your whole argument.
This story is terrible, but the racist banter is totally pointless.
Please refrain from using vulgar racial slang on the forum. It violates the terms of service.
I get what you're trying to say but those words are harmful in any circumstance.
Hate speech isn't cool even if you hate men and women equally.
I'd be more apt to agree with your argument if you didn't use that word.
I dislike niche games too, but the hateful slurs are unnecessary.
You seem to have a real problem with women's body parts.
I think that you can see that these are not equivalent if you're being honest with yourself.
I understand the point you're trying to make, but it would be more effective if you didn't use that word.
Sexual orientation shouldn't be used in a derogatory manner.
I don't think that you should be spending so much energy defending your right to violence.
The use of "retard" is offensive and not useful to your argument.
I don't know why you would bring disabled people into your insults.
How original an insult... /s You're so afraid and basic.
Using that kind of language is unnecessary, also that's lumping together entire huge groups of people
Stop making racist remarks!
Stop using a term that is for a medical condition.
Using that kind of language is pointless, bad people are bad people but not all women are now responsible for these
Stop using gender bashing words.
Using that language doesn't help support anyone's argument
The people in this conversation don't want to fight with you and you have a chance to part ways peacefully!
You should try to keep the language clean. Try using the "C word" instead.
You might try to tone down your language
If you want to have an honest ideological discussion about this, you shouldn't start with such inflammatory language.
Dumb or stupid would better apply in your argument.
If you don't use words like retard people will listen to you more
Hey, you're hurting a really vulnerable population by using this language.
Please try to use a more PC word.  Like dumb.
using words like retard doesn't improve your writing
Let me know how you feel without using the hateful language.
I think it's certain type of racist, hateful or nasty words that it monitors.
Please limit the offensive content and write in a more caring tone.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as insults
The entire concept behind Diablo Immortal video game is negative so what is the issue now.
Please take out the snide comments and use words that are more helpful.
If you want people to spend money it's not a good idea to insult the customers.
Please show your opinions in a more acceptable manner rather than expressing your thoughts in a detestable way.
Please refrain from attacking women for their fashion choices and gender.
No parent ever encourages this behavior.  It is always sad when a daughter doesn't turn out the way you thought.
Please phrase your thoughts in a more encouraging way rather than harming people with your words.
Please refrain from making personal attacks for others.
I love Judge Judy, leave her alone!
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult
"Ret--ds" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
Look for years movies and video games used humor like this. I don't get why now all of the sudden it's racist and wrong.
Using the "tw--" term to refer to women is offensive, unnecessary and should be avoided.
Please refrain from using offensive/derogatory terms
I mean hey she's just a girl!
Please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language when speaking to others.
No woman should have sex with a minor. I know the boys think it's cool but they don't understand the long term mental damage.
Using "pu--y" and "c--t" to refer to women is offensive, unnecessary and should be avoided.
Please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language when referring to others.
Sounds like she got scared. I don't think she should of ever had a gun in the first place if she's gonna react that way.
Using hate speech to mock an entire group of people is never gonna strengthen your argument or get you support
That implies that people with mental disabilities are incapable of speaking/writing.  They still communicate in the same way.
Offensive language will not be tolerated.
I know you guys are joking but you guys are being quite insensitive,  it's really not nice to make jokes about children with cancer.
In this day and age it's really quite offensive to use the word "retard", you should try to express yourself without being insensitive.
I understand this conversation is heated and tense but let's try to avoid that kind of language.
"Ret--ds " and "ret--ded" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
Lot's of the language you use in your comment is very offensive. If you disagree with someone you should not point out their religion.
Watch the language please. This is toeing the line.
"Ret--ded" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
Please don't use the word "retard" it is offensive to people with mental disability.
Watch the language. This is a warning.
"Ret--d" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
Hey now there is no need for that type of vulgar language.
She was probably just distracted, the same way anyone could get.
Woah, don't insult others by referencing mental disabilities.
Gender bias exists but it's still wrong. That's why we use the word bias, to mean there's something wrong with the logic of it.
Hey now there is no place for that type of vulgar sexual language here.
Using gender as the butt of a joke is a low tier accomplishment that middle schoolers achieve regularly
There's no reason to call her a cunt. The thing you disagree with has nothing to do with her being a female.
Hey now, this is not a place to use vulgar terms against others religious values and cultural background.
When you use words like "raghead" and "cuntmonkey" people are not going to take you seriously.
The hateful sexist language in your comment isn't helping your argument or contributing to the thread.  Please refrain in the future
There's no reason to use the C-word or call someone names here. You don't know the whole story.
Please refrain from using homophobic language in your posts.  It contributes nothing to the conversation in this sub
That's really offensive to call people names like that. Just let it go - there's no reason to say things like that.
Please refrain from using homophobic language in your posts.  It doesn't add to the conversation.
Do you really have to use demeaning and offensive language to express your opinion on divorced women?
homophobic comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Watch your language.  That term is used to insult people with disabilities and has no place here.
The "n word" (even as used here) may offend and a different, less offensive word should replace it.
Why are you using this term.  It is harmful and offensive and has no place being used to express opinions.
And then there are those who never learn from history
I understand the frustration, but the name calling is a bit much.
"Ret---ed" and "ret---ation" as used is patently offensive; it should be avoided here.
This has nothing to do with mental disability or retardation, but everything to do with corporate greed.
Consider using different language in the future that does not undermind your points with hatred
Both parties have their issues and the left are not the ones doing the name-calling in this instance.
It's good that you've clarified that you did not mean to attack ESL, but you're still using ableist language.
1. inadequate words: dumbest,full retard
Name calling such as that does not efficiently describe the point that is trying to be made.
1. inadequate word:retarded
There are much better ways to explain someone's lack of intelligence than stooping to name calling.
1. inadequate word: retarded
Using language such as this make the point invalid in others eyes.
2. inadequate expressions:"HOLLY HELL",fuck, "right winger"
3. inadequate expressions: "right winger","dumb people"
The language that was used caused a pointless argument with no actual evidence or opinions in sight.
1. inadequate words: "fucking clue",dumber,retard,"mouth breathers"
Adding the foul language before the rest of the comment does not make it more impactful.
Guys, there's no point in using this kind of language when engaging in a discussion. This language is not persuasive and won't help you.
We all really need to do a better job of not stereotyping others and knowing the facts.
I think we all know there's a problem, could we talk about it intelligently without durogatory terms?
Although deflecting accusations by using one's sexuality is not good, aggressively attacking their sexuality won't help fix anything.
It's not really cool to paraphrase for others, that person never said that
I think you might be exaggerating someone else's point of view, it can't be that bad.
Although that word may seem like it's not that bad, it's actually  a highly offensive slur that should not be used ever.
I don't really see the point of using the R word, makes your argument invalid.
I don't think that name calling is necessary here.
Calling people that is quite extreme considering it's just a tweet. No need to be so aggressive to others.
No point in continually using the R word, never gets your point across very well just a heads up
I think there is a better word you could use rather than to call someone retarded even medical professionals don't use that term anymore.
Maybe he married her because he thought they were in love. Maybe you should also not use hateful words either.
Please don't use the r-word in your posts. Intellectual disabilities are not rare and that word is offensive.
Perhaps they're writing in a style that suits them .
Your language displays a lack of character and suitable vocabulary.
You should remove such ableist language from your vocab. Not needed to express your opinions.
Interesting that you complain about sexism, but feel the need to slur her based on her gender
Calling someone the c-word is offensive because it derogates woman and so this is not acceptable language.
You would make a stronger point if you called it stupid or idiotic instead
Please do not use mental disabilities as an insult towards others.
Typically people who feel the need to call women thots and cunts are the ones who aren't getting laid
The use of the c-word is highly offensive not just insulting a person here but also derogatory of all woman.
It says a lot that all you can find to say about Mother Teresa is to call her a name
Gratuitously calling someone with the c-word is hurtful and offensive to all woman and completely unacceptable.
Please don't insult others by claiming they have mental disabilities.
Everyone being offended by everything has caused all this drama.
Read Dead Redemption 2 is just a game, entertainment. Like a movie or song, nobody should take it literally.
"D-ke" as used here is offensive, unnecessary and should be avoided.
Slurs as these are denigrating people with homosexual orientations and are not acceptable in our conversation.
I know 100% there are soulless people out here I don't care what she says.
"Reta--ed" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so should be avoided here
If Google is really doing this I hope someone high up notices and stops it.
"Ret--ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families.
It seems you can get banned for anything today, but these comments are really unwarranted.
The use of the n-word is unacceptable in our discourse as everyone, including bots, knows.
Use of the c-word is not acceptable in our discourse as it denigrates women and is offensive.
Perhaps you should do some  thinking and learn to recognize that making generalizations about gender are unfair.
"Cu-t" si a tern of hate and should not be used in intelligent political debate.
The r-word is not acceptable, even about yourself, because it is hurtful and offensive denigration of people with disabilities
Use of this slur is not acceptable because it denigrates homosexuality and is therefore offensive and hurtful.
Wow, sounds like you need to find a better outlet for your anger issues.
Using that kind of language only diminishes your point. No one will take that seriously.
Your choice of words is small, and violates hate speech.
Ouch, I'm gonna go cry now, someone on the internet insulted me!
There is no correlation between retardation and religion. Do some research if you must try to make this point.
What a hateful, unpleasant person you are.
Poor choices aren't exclusive to a single race.
An entire language cannot be racist. This is grasping at straws. This post has devolved from a genuinely interesting question into nonsense.
That's a particularly uneducated comment.
One's personal life does not necessarily reflect their professional life. In reality, your opinion isn't going to change this situation.
That escalated quickly. Relax, no need to attack anyone personally.
Wow, real mature to still be using that term.
intelligence is not something that is determined by gender, and it seems as though there was a clarifying question not a missunderstanding
I am still waiting to see the proof of this. Growing up our teachers said the opposite to us.
This r-word, even if not intended to be offensive, is hurtful - because it is associated with people who have disabilities.
Using the word retard to describe this situation is inappropriate.
Your comeback is ineffective because all it does is show your hatefulness.
Calling the user a retard doesn't help your argument, only shows your hatred.
Using the word "retarded" only shows your hatred.
Other words that do not promote a culture of hate would be better suited to make your point and support your argument.
Using ableist language completely undermines any point you were trying to make.
These types of words are considered hateful and should not be used to make arguments, seeing as it can be seen as very offensive.
Using racial slurs is immature and makes anyone seem unintelligent.
This is a hateful term and is inappropriate to use.
We should try to avoid demeaning  words.
Using offensive language doesn't make anyone seem intelligent.
Please refrain from using such derogatory terms in your argument.
Hateful people exist in all races not just specific ones we have bad experiences with.
There is nothing to this reply.
"B--ch" and "Fa--ot" are terms of hate and do not belong in this forum.
I still wondering how win the world she did all this without him getting away.
Joking about tragedies involving so many lives is always tasteless.
"Tw-t" as used here offends many and should be avoided.
My European ancestors sure did have a way of dressing.
There is no reason to talk like that.
Both use of "the r word" and hate speech about women cause offence and should be avoided in this forum.
Dating can be really fun. Even the bad dates. It makes good stories with your friends for years to come.
This is a bad example of making your opinion sound remotely valid.
Affixing the "c---" term to your remarks is offensive, adds nothing of substance, and should be avoided.
I love walking simulators!
Preaching death is just not cool.
Nothing is going to happen. We get these reports every year on both sides.
"Cu--ts" used to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Stop bashing females because of their gender.
"Fa--ots" is potentially a term of hate and is best avoided here.
Stop bashing others for their gender or sexuality.
Dude, the reason you've had horrible interactions with women is that you're not self-aware enough to realize you're the problem.
Stop gender bashing and being ugly to women.
I would love to see what you look like without all those Reddit muscles.
Stop gender bashing!
Stop bashing sexuality and political values.
Your fierce disdain for the LGBT community makes me question how secure you are sexually...
Using that language about all women is stereotyping and unnecessary, does not support your point of view well
Your post does not need to use sexist language for you to express your disapproval of the situation.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and must be avoided here.
No need to use that kind of derogatory language, does not support your opinions
Using all that gendered hate speech does not help support your argument or opinions, shitty people are shitty people regardless of gender
Please don't perpetuate sexist stereotypes of women.
This use of the "c---" term to refer to women is gratuitous and offensive; it should be avoided.
Attacking people based on their religion is a form of hate speech-Muslim individuals have the same right to religion as anyone else.
Well I am glad the reservation is now complete. The Lord does appreciate a sense of humor but I'm not sure he's laughing much today.
Other words equally harsh and less offensive can be used to describe said people.
I don't even know or want to know what a pre divorce ceremony is. The actual divorce party is enough for me!
Cops shouldn't get a bonus for not assaulting people. It's their job to be professional and the bigger, better person in the situation.
Please try to use more respectful speech that does not target different sexual orientations or abilities.
Homophobic or ableist remarks are not accepted on this site. Further such hate speech will lead to an IP ban.
Using sexist language is not accepted, no matter your context for it. Keep it off the site in the future or face suspension.
Use of that slur is offensive as it demeans woman.
Please try to use language that respects those of different abilities.
We all know what that ableist language means. Pretending you don't understand won't prevent you from being banned if you continue using it.
Please try to use language that respects individuals of different gender identities.
You sure do make their case for them if you can't defend gaming without resorting to transphobia and sexism. Contine to do so and be banned.
Use of the c-word is not acceptable--it is offensive, hurtful and derogatory towards all women.
The 'r' word isn't a word that should be used to better your argument.
Such slurs only diminish our discourse.
Language like that is offense to large groups of people. Calling names is not funny in anyway. It demotes entire races.
I really hope you know the history that goes into both of those words. Both derogatory, and both shouldn't be used to get a laugh.
Use of the c-word is offensive and hurtful to all women.
Lnaguage to dehumanize woment is low and not appropriate. It is harmful to everyone. We need women to be brought up as they are equal.
While I agree with your statement, I don't agree with your use of the 'c' word.
no one should name call or get physical unless in self defense and your use of vulgarity shows your level off class
You really need to check you privilege here, there is no imaginary racism
racism does nothing but hurt, the whole reason for the kneeling protest.  your behavior just proves their point more
Some people aren't worth engaging with; just downvote and move on.
Various insults are all denigrating people and are not acceptable in decent conversation.
We all want equality for everybody and it should start with the way we talk to people. Respect begets respect.
Addiction is a serious mental illness that should be addressed better; insulting addicts doesn't help.
Use of the rcword to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women.
Calling names is calling names, which is not respectful.
You're going to need to do more convincing than calling people names if they use Facebook.
There are more types of feminists besides lesbians.
Use of the slur to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of homosexuality.
Resorting to name calling even in a hate women sub is not productive in having a mature and healthy conversation.
I agree, but the name calling doesn't seem necessary. Could we verify this?
This conversation is ridiculous and you all need to stop. This is largely anti-women speech and unacceptable.
Hate speech is not getting any of us anywhere in effectively communicating with each other.
Watch the language. This is uncalled for.
Everyone is entitled to comment on any sub they wish. If you're quiet and listen you may learn something.
Using words that demean a person's gender identity do not cause productive conversation.
i would delete the whole conversation   its violent and is against women
Using words that describe someone with a mental disability to demean someone is not a means of productive conversation.
id delete the whole post and id kick off user 9 for a week but id entirely kick user 10 off the platform
Using words to demean a person gender are neither productive nor careful.
id delete the both comments and penalize both user 1 and user 2
"B--ch," c--t, "ret--d," "ret---ed" are offensive terms and need to avoided here.
Sad that you think a comment consisting of nothing but offensive language actually adds to the discussion.
This whole conversation is stupid but you are out of line. Watch the language.
Using offensive language doesn't make you seem very intelligent.
Sad that you think using ableist slurs is actually adding to the discussion.
Offensive language makes it impossible to respect your opinion.
This isn't appropriate. Watch the language.
It's very hard for me to want to listen to your point of view when you use that word.
Stop body shaming and using a medical condition as an insult.
Stop using racist and politically motivated choices as insults.
That word is a derogatory term and should not b used when expressing your opinions in the public realm.
Using the term "c--t(s)" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
Get that language out of here.  Society has progressed beyond the point of accepting the use of derogatory and offensive statements
"Fa--ot" as used here causes offense to many and does not belong in intelligent commentary
Why do you have to be so offensive when talking about someone.  You could have said nothing at all.
Unless you're from Australia, that word has a highly offensive social context. Do not use it.
All of the name calling leads to pointless arguments and has absolutely nothing to do with the topic being discussed.
Using derogatory language is no way to get any point across.
The name calling and foul language takes away from the discussion of the topic.
Using derogatory language like that makes it hard to respect any opinion you might have.
Describing women using derrogatory terms speaks volumes of your character.
Using misogynistic language isn't any way to get anyone to respect your opinion.
You should grow up, too, with that language.
I wish your parents had taught you not to use slurs.
Thank you for your mature and level headed input.
No need to profile people because of their gender.
I'd say the one being offensive here is you, since you're calling people slurs.
These terms do nothing to inflate your argument.
Women mean so much more than that.
Let's not call women slurs here. We're supposed to be better people than that.
These replies are disgusting and incredibly sexist.
Using offensive language makes it hard for anyone to take your opinion seriously.
stop using gender bashing words.
Hard to take you seriously with all the offensive language.
Slang term for people with disabilies is not permitted
Using ableist slurs doesn't really seem like it really adds anything to the discussion.
Stop bashing people for their gender, religious choices and insults over medical conditions.
Slang terms for people with disabilities is not permitted
Can't take you seriously with all the offensive language.
I can't tell you what you can or cannot say, but what I want you to recognize is that people with intellectual disabilities deserve respect
The R-word is pretty disrespectful to people with disabilitys
I totally understand your point, but watch the language if you would.  That word is very offensive.
Clearly you don't understand Moroccans. Using goat-f*** is truly such profanity and hate. Using the R word is totally undignified
Don't get me wrong, I understand your argument, but using the derogatory terms about the mentally challenged isn't right either.
Offensive language based on race and disability is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Use of the c-word is not acceptable--it is derogatory of all women.
Hard to take you seriously when you use offensive slurs.
Using ableist slurs isn't really a good way to get your point across.
Use of the c-word is plain and simply unacceptable as it is so hurtful and derogatory toward all women.
Can't take you seriously when you use offensive language to try and get your point through.
There is no need for you to use words like that, no one will take you seriously if you can't critique someone without childish name calling.
There are other words you can use besides such a vulgar word.
To use the C word to describe elected officials is not acceptable. Any more speech of this type will get you removed.
You are a special kind of vile human being for speaking that way, I'll give you the bennifit of the doubt and say you had a nasty divorce.
There are nicer words to use; be conscious of other's feelings.
The use of the C word to describe individuals in realtionships, or out of them, is unnacceptable and will not be tolerated at all.
And on this day another ignorant human being voiced his opinion and no one listend.
Please refrain from using those words to describe someone.
The way you are describing individuals is completely unacceptable and offensive and will not be tolerated here.
You act like males are the only one to act that way, people are people and no one needs to speak the way that you speak you are just vile.
There are other words you can use to describe someone other than that.
The means in which you are describing individuals is unacceptable and demeaning and will not be tolerated.
Let us not use offensive name calling in place of the persons actual name altho we may not like someone, we can be professional
Even if Murkowski does not see your comment, it is rather offensive to call someone that name
"Re--rd" as used here is offensive and should be avoided.
That kind of comment is inappropriate and will not be tolerated, immediately deleted if it continues
Wow, didnt mother teach you if you dont have something constructive to add to remain silent?
The use of that word is unacceptable no matter how it was meant and will be deleted
I understand your frustration. Targeted harassment is not the issue, but some of your language is. This is a warning.
She might be wrong but no man should ever put his hands on a lady.
All five of you are toeing the line. This language and speech is not appropriate.
As a woman I just cannot truly understand the extreme some feminists will go. I love men and everyone love each other!
I appreciate that all of you are attempting to make legitimate points but this kind of language is completely uncalled for.
Removing the feather is really unnecessary. It is like we are trying to remove all culture from gaming. I hate it.
The n-word is never acceptable as it is so hurtful and offensive to an entire race of people.
Hate speech has no place in this conversation
There are other words that can be used to make your point just as easily without targeting groups in a hateful manner.
This word is commonly used to target gender groups and is considered hateful. Your point will be made stronger without such words.
Use of the c-word is derogatory and hurtful to all women and not acceptable in our conversations.
Not all females are the same or deserve to be lumped together with hate speech... shitty people are shitty people but don't play their games
Instead of using derogatory or outdated remarks, just have a civil conversation. Maybe then they'll listen to you.
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Our own personal experience with this matter is not relevant. One experience is not the same as someone else's.
Using the words 'white trash' is offensive as its a direct attack to a person based on their race
Its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender
The vocabulary from users needs to refrain from the use of  words you would not want to hear your 5 year old say.
No political bashing of any kind is tolerated
Using the word 'retards'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Mods aren't of any level.
Use of the c-word is not acceptable because of its hurtful nature denigrating women.
This answer degrades women.
This speech attacks women for their gender.
This language attacks women and gay people
Instead of insulting someone with these harsh words, try being more constructive instead. Give them feedback in a kinder way.
Please illustrate the points of your argument without insulting vulnerable groups.
The words you are using do not add anything to the conversation. The same point can be made with different words.
It is not constructive to use a term meant to describe one group, now a pejorative to insult another. It harms groups and stops discussion.
An exchange of vocabulary would not change what you are trying to say and would be kinder and a more engaging comment.
I wouldn't use that word as an insult.  It's demeaning towards women.
The word retarded is highly offensive to mental handicapped people.  It might be a good idea to choose different words.
There's no reason to escalate to name calling over someone liking a video game.
This term is demeaning towards the mentally handicapped.  It's not necessary to use this kind of language in your response.
You're literally the example they're talking about, acting as if violence is only done by Arabs.
This comment is straight up hurtful and offensive.  Think about how you would feel if it was directed at you.
Please don't show such enmity with your words.
Calling each other names does not add any credibility to either side of this debate.
Please express your concerns in a way that is less insulting to others and more objective.
Name calling does not add any strength to your argument.
Please convey your feelings in a way that is kinder and less demeaning.
While one may not agree with another point of view, calling someone names does not add any validity to your stance on the subject.
Please try to foster a positive environment with your comments and not hatred.
Please do not use these terms or hold this anger towards women.  This is uncalled for in modern society and you need to change.
An incredibly sexist remark. Needless to say, perhaps you should look into Marie Curie, Rosalind Franklin, Barbara McClintock and others.
I have three kids at home and am not fond of pedophiles, but just remember almost all child sex offenders were molested as a child .
It is one thing to have preferences. It is another to shame others for their looks or opinions. This is very offensive and unnecessary.
Cops are people just like us trying to make a difference.  There are more good cops than bad.
Don't use derogatory terms like this.  this is demeaning and offensive to people with real mental conditions.
There is a lot going on here. It goes without saying one's profession does not define who they are. And please brush up on your history.
Ummm. social sites are used by just as many white people as black people.  Race has nothing to do with it.
Social media can actually be a useful tool when used appropriately and leveraged for the right reasons.
I know you probably don't realize that using the word retarded is hurtful to people that have children or family with this.
Was this language really necessary.  You could have said anything else, but instead you pick a harmful and offensive term.
I think there are better ways to express how you're feeling that to describe it that way. Can we rephrase that?
Islamists do not represent all of Islam, the same way Evangelicals do not represent all of Christianity.
You're projecting your fear all over.
I still say that men aren't supposed to leave any women alone being assaulted. It is just not moral.
Yes, comics are going in a direction you don't like. But there are still plenty of books that appeal to readers like you.
Agreed, comic books and their movies are just not the same.
Reboots have been a thing for a long time, but these are just cash grabs, not part of some "woke agenda."
I would love to see your moms' reaction to that sentiment.
I don't think we need another remake of Charlies Angels, this will be the third one I believe.
You're easily offended.
Anyone who has sex I think is considered a 'sexual'.
I wonder if you'll ever find love and acceptance from women, given how you treat them. Women are more than their parts.
Would you like if someone used that language about your daughter/mother/sister? No.
No comment on the politics of gamergate, but the intellectually disabled resent being used as an insult and being brought into this.
Using that word to say that someone is not smart is offensive.It is a medical condition you are born with and shouldn't be used as an insult
If you're  on the left, then you should see the value in not dehumanizing others. Intellectually disabled people are people, not insults.
Using medical diseases as insults is not acceptable. And you're off topic, completely.
Perhaps you are not so above it all yourself. Respect the intellectually disabled, stop using them as an insult.
Why are people always using a medical condition someone is born with as a verb to call someone/something stupid?!
The expressed term that you used is offensive and has no place in a forum such as this.
We do not fear hate speech, we detest it. You are alienating yourself from the rest of humanity and you will be left behind by the future.
Using a derogatory term is not going to help get your point across any better, in fact, it will do the complete opposite.
I still don't get where the woman issues come into play regarding a bow and arrow.
Ableist comments have no place in any logical conversation.
JourneyQuest producers shouldn't of pulled this just because of a Tweet that they've got no control over.
You might have had a good point, but you ruined it with the ableist slur.
I am still stuck on the fact he can get life in prison for theft.
Society really needs to stop using this word as a regular dictionary word. It is very hurtful to those whom are disabled.
Ableist slurs have no place in any sort of conversation.
You are a very condensending person you should be ashamed for saying such things.
Just because someone has a disability doesn't mean that they are less than you.
I hope you don't kiss your momma with that mouth, you need to find a different way to talk no one will take you seriously talking like that.
Making fun of people because of their sex or disability isn't going to solve anything.
Your language is garbage and you should be ashamed of yourself, no one is going to take your dirty language seriously, little child.
Just because someone has a different opinion than you, does not mean they're dumb.
Using the term retarded is offensive to people with actual mental disabilities.
The use of foul language doesn't make the point any more valid.
Using the term cunt is offensive.
All of the foul language and name calling shows a lack of understanding the topic.
Not all women are this way. I just want to be loved and protected.
The term cunt is offensive to women.
The foul language and accusations of others has absolutely nothing to do with the topic being discussed.
She was wrong bottom line. We all have bad days and cannot go around lying about rape.
The term cunt is considered hate speech under reddit policy.
Calling someone such a foul name speaks volumes about that persons characteristics.
I would never get a breast reduction even if they hurt. That is one thing that makes me feel like a woman.
Use of the term retard is offensive to people with mental disabilities.
The name calling shows a lack of vocabulary.
Russia has been getting involved with US politics more in the last two years than ever. Unless the news is making it up.
Complaining about stupidity, but not being able to think of a word that isn't a slur is so ironic
Dumb or Stupid would work here.
I don't know what happened to you to feel the need to demonize women, but I hope you cant find peace someday
That is a disgusting thing to say when so many have actually suffered from that crime.
Let's replace the non PC word with dumb or stupid or even not smart!
It takes a large sense of entitlement to just slur a person based on their gender and think you're oh so clever
That's a highly offensive word that you shouldn't use bro
Please find a different word to describe women you do not like.
Yes, this is a stupid conversation. Let's avoid this kind of language though.
This post contans language that could be offensive to those with mental disabilities.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this. Also, you're projecting.
This is uncalled for. You need to reexamine your language.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that word usage.
Please avoid this type of language here. This is uncalled for.
Valid points, just use a different word.
Muslim countries, and the United States are not the only countries which things like this are illegal.
Maybe try re-reading your messages before posting ... then you'd realize your own ignorance.
Everything is fine, just change oooneeee word
Doing some research of the "LGBT community" and maybe meeting with LGBT people would probably help you in that aspect.
Her being a bad person has nothing to do with her being female.
Oh yeah, that's extremely mature ... advocating violence. You're a real tough guy.
Stop insulting people for their sexuality,medical condition,race or religion.
Man, you guys are gonna get yourselves kicked out of here for talking like that.
The terms "f---ot," "reta--d," and the "n-word" are bigoted and do not have a place in intelligent commentary.
Stop gender name calling!
Stop bashing people by using a medical condition.
"Ret--ded" as used here is offensive and should be avoided.
Instead of saying what the other person is saying, take the higher road and be kind.
While expressing your views, refrain from insulting others who do not agree with your views. It is not tolerated on this site.
Using the offensive, misogynistic language completely undermines any point you had.
If that is what you think then you can say that, but using a kinder word. Saying that makes you seem silly.
While your views are appreciated, hate speech is not tolerated in this forum. Refrain from name calling immediately.
Using ableist slurs doesn't make anyone seem worth listening to.
You can say the same thing, but with kinder words. That will help promote the conversation forward.
Where we value your feedback and thoughts, we do NOT tolerate or allow any form of hate speech towards any population.
First, do research before you post. Next, think about others and the families you are talking about.
Using insults or hate speech isn't allowed via this forum, and continuing to insult other populations will result in you being banned.
Offensive language adds nothing to the discussion and makes anyone who uses it seems unintelligent.
Terms like cunt and bitch are offensive to women.
Please do not let you personal anger spread to others.  this term is demeaning and derogatory to a substantial portion of the population.
While on the subject of seeing people as people.  why do you insist on using derogatory terms to describe people?
Use of the n-word is extremely offensive.
You need to rethink your use of certain words.  Our society has progressed to the point where these sort of terms have no place here.
Cunt and bitch are offensive to woman.
Harmful and offensive language is completely uncalled for.  Your points could have been made without ever having to utter slurs
Use of the term retarded is offensive to people with mental disabilities.
Was that term really necessary.  You could have said stupid, dumb, uncalled for, or basically any other thing that is not a slur.
Try to refrain from using hateful ableist speech in your posts.  Itdoes nothing to enhance your argument or the conversation in this sub
Refrain from using the word "retarded".  Many users find it offensive
Please refrain from using sexist hate speech in this sub.  It adds nothing to the conversation.
Warning or Ban.  Harassment will not be tolerated on this site.
Let's try to refrain from using hateful ableist language in this subreddit.  It adds nothing to your argument or the conversation
Refrain from using the word "retarded." Many users find it offensive.
Please refrain from using insults that could be classified as ableist hate speech in your comments.
Avoid using the term "retards." it is offensive to many users.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your comments.  It's not helping your argument or adding anything to the sub
Warning. "Cunt is viewed as an offensive term."
Retarded is an offensive word that should not be used as a derogatory term in a negative context.
That label is hurtful to many. Please rephrase your question.
I will not proclaim to know your relationship with your son's mother, but referring to anyone like that is uncalled for.
Judging by the way you choose to see the world, it seems she doesn't have to try hard to destroy your "reputation".
This is standard procedure by police when an altercation is reported, nobody is being targeted unfairly here!
I can see that you're trying to defend someone's rights, but the same principle applies to you about your insulting choice of words.
I can see that you're trying to interpret doctrine but there is no need to introduce such vivid threats.
You need to take more responsibility for your lack of self control.
Using foul language makes a person seem unintelligent.
Don't use the r-word when speaking about people. Several people have been affecting by intellectual disabilities and that's very offensive.
The use of foul language doesn't make your point any more valid.
Don't use the r-word while replying to people. Nearly everyone is affected in some way by intellectual disabilities and it's offensive.
Using this slur here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
Using the slur here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates homosexuals.
Women aren't entitled to explain their presence in the world to you.
This comment attacks a woman for her gender
Things like filing for divorce take time, they aren't an "instant" process.
It might help you be happier not to assume that all women are out to get you.
This speech attacks women
I doubt you have any evidence for your claims. It seems that you label them this way because you disagree with them, which is demeaning.
It isn't kind to use people's sexuality as an insult even if you are trying to help.
This speech attacks LGBT people.
You don't know who that woman is or why she reacted that way, it's pretty unlikely that she is reacting to people dying.
This attacks women with offensive language
Someone being wrong does not equal them being unintelligent. Someone saying something you don't like does not equal them being unintelligent
Use of the r-word is not acceptable because it demeans people with mental disability.
While this woman is in the wrong, such derogatory language towards women is unwarranted.
Use of the c-word is not acceptable because it demeans women.
Using the "c---" here is offensive, unnecessary and should be avoided.
Being neurodiverse or intellectually disabled are not suitable grounds to be used as an insult.
Feminists are against this! We are also against ableist and sexist slurs. Stop or I report you.
Use of the slurs here is not acceptable because it demeans women.
"C--t," "b--ch," as well as "pu--y" and its variants, are are sexist terms of hate and so forbidden in this forum.
Sony is a huge company I am sure they will fix the issue
Use other words, like stupid or dumb.
Stop with the racism and sexual choice insults!
"Fa--ot" as used here offends many and does not belong in intelligent commentary.
"Re---ds" as used here offends many and should be avoided.
Stop using gender bashing insults.
Stop using racial propaganda.
"Ret--ded" is not appropriate term for the mentally disabled.
I think that a lot of people have fake Twitter accounts, and soon they will be getting tougher on our accounts.
Use of the slurs is not acceptable because it demeans gays.
Using the word retard as an insult is hateful and cannot be used here.
That isn't always true. As a female we cannot say or do a lot of things.
Using the word cunt to describe a woman negatively is hateful and must stop.
I am glad the judge even sees when things don't look right or line up. All these witch hunts really need to stop.
Wow that is awful. I never understood why breaking a mans jaw seems to satisfy some people.
Use of the slurs is not acceptable because it demeans, hurts and offends others.
These racially generalized statements are hateful to all groups they target, do not insult general racial populations.
As a female I too don't understand the feminism extreme ways sometimes.
Using a hate word doesn't make you a bigger or better person. It does the complete opposite.
Hey there! Do not use that type of hateful language referring to sexual orientation.
I believe this language is offensive and intended to incite anger amongst others.  I think censoring this user is the proper thing to do!
Way to offend anyone with cancer, anyone who has a difference of opinion than you, and anyone who has been affected by the KKK.
There is no reason for you to respond in a vulgar manner regarding disability and sexual genitalia
I understand the frustration and the angst, but I do not believe this language is appropriate.
Glad you're woke to the meaning behind that gross word and up to date on all of the problems women face in India. Congratulations.
Hey there, please do not use that type of sexual language when responding.
I know this woman's behavior was terrible, but I believe calling her vulgar things is not necessary.
Because someone has a different point of view on things does not make their opinion any less valuable.
I understand that everyone is entitled to their opinion, however I do not find your language appropriate!
Most women don't drive free cars. That doesn't even make sense. And your language describing the woman is just absurd.
Hey you can post on here without using vulgar sexual terms.
Yes, the woman may have been high or crazy, but I don't think calling her names and assuming the worst is a wise thing to do!
The labels don't really help the conversation, I think... and not worth the sad little chuckles they elicit
The slurs and labels hurt lots of good people, remember
This comment is unnecessarily flagrant and is offensive. This language is not tolerated on this platform.
this guy's either a cop...or having baby Mama issues
This conversation is being flagged as having offensive, crude, and defamatory language. Further commentary will be halted.
let's keep it objective...Book Of Wisdom refers to God's potency as a female
Honestly without women there wouldn't be any men. We all need each other so let's just love and hug.
Comment is being flagged as offensive. User is being reported for account indefinite suspension.
I guess I'm going to have to tell my kids they cannot call a tee-shirt ugly, but only that they dislike it.
Please revise your communication because the language is harsh.
That's incorrect because racism involves being prejudiced against a minority or oppressed population, and your hate speech is not tolerated
What does that even mean, are you just making shit up.
Tell me your opinion please with less revolting words and more objectivity.
The use of that word is not necessary and it will not be tolerated because it is hate speech toward women.
Could use words like, jerk, ass, loser, etc.
Express yourself in a manner that is more agreeable and less harmful to others.
That language is hate speech toward women and will not be tolerated here.  Be more intelligent and use appropriate words.
You can say whatever you want, but it doesn't mean we have to listen to you.
Please lay off the horrible language and use communications that are going to inspire.
That really is not necessary to use hate speech in your comment, and the hate speech (toward women) will not be tolerated
All you have to do is literally replace one word.
I observe that you have some concerns, but please don't debase the innocent with your hurtful words.
This whole conversation is offensive, but in particular you used hate speech against people with disabilities and will not be tolerated here
No need for that type of language. You will be reported and blocked from further such commentary.
Hey guys, let's be kinder to the intellectually disabled.
Racist language will not be tolerated. Your accounts will be suspended indefinitely for these violations.
Both the chinese and the developmentally delayed don't deserve those slurs.
You can't define people by their race as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
This racist hate language is offensive and warrants suspension of your account.
Hey, let's treat black people with more respect.
This comment is being flagged as insensitive and offensive language.
Unfortunately, if you use slurs, you will get judged. Like you. Stop using slurs.
Do nothing since it's harmless
Do nothing, they're all legitimate opinions.
That's a lot of accusations in one statement.  You might need to fact check some of your statements.
"C--t(s)" and "fa--ot" are gratuitously offensive terms and must be avoided in legitimate political discourse.
tell user 3 to stop being so libtarded
Let's keep the convo civil. Dumb or stupid would suffice.
And language like that just adds fuel to their fire...
I'd prefer that you not use the r-word on this thread.
Stupid, lazy or Dumb would work here.
Don't give them more bait.
Thanks User 2 for reminding us not to use the r-word here.
Dumb, people, use dumb instead.
Pretty ableist when you put it like that
Hey, let's keep this space open for neuroatypical users. Thanks.
We need to find a different word here. Dumb, lazy, something.
You don't have to like alimony, but you do have to refrain from using the r-word on this thread.
I understand you're upset, but "retard" is going too far. You can use another term that doesn't demean the mentally disabled.
Those "queers" have the same rights you do, and if they said the same thing about you, you'd be up in arms.
Have you ever thought about how all those other taxpayers feel about your "bad" vote?
User 7, obviously you feel threatened if you need to use slurs.
You know, it really seems like you're just mad that she's a woman in politics.
man,there were a million other adjectives you could have used that would have said the same thing.
"you probably shouldn't call her that when you don't actually know her"
Please stop using gender, political and nationality based insults.
C'mon guys. i cant even follow what could be informative here because of all the muck.  i cant even hand around to listen.
"Maybe travel there or somewhere else in the world to see what people are like, but otherwise you can't judge based on where they're from. "
stop using racist and medical based insults.
The title here actually rails against a defeatist attitude AND ask about positivity. maybe we can get back on track.
"You should do more research on Canada as a country and on the rates of migration before being able to form a solid opinion. "
hey man, i think that "r" word slipped on you on accident. All your other language points are so well made.
"Don't resort to calling people names just because you want to explain how their job works a little better.:
Regardless of content the terms "bi--h" and "c--t" are so offensive they should not be used in this forum.
While her behavior is terrible, all women do not deserve to be insulted on account of their vagina.
"Ret--d" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
I'm sure this woman is perfectly intelligent, although if not, there's nothing wrong with being intellectually disabled.
Using the word retard to call someone stupid is hateful and offensive so don't do it
Using the "c---" term to refer to any woman is offensive, unnecessary and should be avoided.
In my opinion, using slurs is a crime against all people. In this case, specifically women. Please stop.
Using cunt to refer to a woman is hateful and disrespectful
Hey dude! No need to use such offensive language! Could you make this more friendly so I can participate without feeling like a bad person?
Please stop using slurs for peoples' sexual choices.
It's hard to want to listen to your perspective when you use those words.
Please stop insulting others due to their sexual choices, race, or gender.
You could say 'I was only pretending to be silly' or 'ignorant' instead.
Please don't use medical conditions as an insult.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or sex and gender, in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
Let's keep it G rated.
that word is unnecessary.  You can express your opinion without using a derogatory term for people with disabilities.
Please try to avoid using words like retarded as some viewers may be offended by that improper use of that word.
Please do not use that word.  It is derogatory and incredibly offensive to people with disabilities and has no place in daily conversation
Please use G rated words, there are other viewers that may be offended by your words.
Please refrain from using offensive language, as this forum is not intended to accommodate offensive material.
The offensive and derogatory language is unnecessary.  Your opinion can be expressed without using that word.
Please refrain from using such offensive strong language, thank you.
Pleae do not use that derogatory and offensive term to express your opinion.  It is unnecessary.
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs as an insult.
When arguing your point using hate speech and excessive cursing undermines the validity of what you are saying.
Using the term 'faggots' to describe a certain political ideology is bigoted and wrong.
Please refrain from insulting and blaming an entire gender for political movements you do not agree with.
The belittlement of women gaining equality in rights is uncalled for. Please take a moment and respect those that are not the same as you.
Using the term "dumb cunts" is bigoted toward women, please stop using this term.
Please refrain from using derogatory language when insulting others.
Using the term "repulsive cunt" is bigoted toward women, please stop using this term.
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs and mental illnesses as insults.
Looking down on others for having different views is narrow minded. Take a moment and respect your peers please.
Saying "commie retarded faggots" is hurtful and bigoted language and I hope that you can please stop.
Please refrain from using offensive and derogatory language when talking about others who you do not agree with.
Hate speech regardless of how it is used does not help improve the validity of anyone's argument.
Stop bashing people because of nationality and race!
Using that kind of language toward African-Americans is bigoted and disgusting. Do not generalize people.
To define people by their race shows your narrow mindedness as people act out of their perceived norms all the time
Change your wording, please. AS it could be considered offensive.
While we respect everyone's opinions, we do not allows offensive name calling.
Stop using a gender based insults.
The term retard is offensive. Please refrain form further use of it.
Speaking of red pills... did you know that 6 of the 7 dwarves required a red pill in order to perform?
The slur used here is offensive because it comes from or is associated with a place of hate toward homosexuality and so is not okay!
The use of the c-word is not acceptable because it is hateful and hurtful toward all women.
I'd be more apt to agree with your point if you didn't use that word.
There's no reason to offend all women just to make express your displeasure.
You seem so obsessed with women.
Your point of view becomes invalid when you use those words.
There's no reason here to use such a derogatory term for homosexuals. We get it. You're angry. Control your communication more.
It's no wonder women don't flock in your direction.
Please review your comments and take out the insults to women.
Sit and think before you post and comment. This will help avoid taking and giving offense and get rid of the use of hate speech.
Please remove the hate comments from your post.
Your post is lacking in information. Instead of name calling try explaining your thoughts and feelings on the issue. Be open to new ideas.
Please use words that can express your views without damaging others' reputations.
Most of this is using a bad word where a kinder one would work. Instead of using anecdotal evidence, try looking into the topic more.
Take out the provocative language and use words that are less scandalous please.
A different word would equally and more kindly say the same thing. Try to calm yourself down before posting.
The conversation you use has hateful remarks, so please take them out.
If it is actually "a thing" then use the proper grammar of capitalization as well as posting a source, otherwise it seems you are lying.
I'm trying to figure out how that makes you better.
using the words 'faggot fuckers' is offensive and homophobic. Refrain from using such words.
You seem to be obsessed with the people you claim to hate.
words like cunt,whore, and bitch are inappropriate as they directly attack people based on their gender
Using the word 'cunt'  is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
there is no need to talk about someone like that, at any point it could be you.
The 'r' word isn't a word that should be used in this context. It's derogatory.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or shows care.
This comment is still pretty offensive.
Even using that word to say "do not say it' is not right.
there is no need to use a racial slur.
This comment is extremely offensive. You should not have used the 'n' word
Using a derogatory word to describe someone is not productive in conversion and does not show care.
The 'd' word should not be used lightly, and I don't agree with your use of it.
there is no need for hate speech if someone is insulting you.
There was no reason for you to use the 'r' word
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive to a meaningful conversation.
Cunt is such an awful and offensive word.
While you may feel strongly this way, there is nothing added by using foul language. Your post without the language is simpler and good.
Cunt is an awful, mean word.
You can feel this way and even express it without having to use a harsh word. It does not help express your point. You look like the bad guy
There are better words to describe angry women than "cunt".
Saying mean things does not make you right nor does it forward the conversation. You can make your point without it.
You do not have to quote the person directly. You can say something to take the place of the word instead like "n-word" which is often used
Retarded is an offensive word that doesn't need to be used to describe people you disagree with.
derogatory comments are not welcome. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
These words do not add to the post nor do they help you make your point. Try and be kinder to others and yourself.
Calling someone a retard for his opinions is not the way to go about it
Hey i know the user didn't agree with your opinion and wasn't particularly nice but I think you should have taken the high road.
I don't think thats appropriate and you are just being a troll
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disability.
Look, if you're supposedly better than us, then you should prove it by not insulting us with slurs.
Please don't use sexist and ableist insults in your posts.  It's not helping your arguments and it does nothing to enhance the conversation.
Whether a mask looks bad or not is subjective. The use of slurs, however, is not dubious, morally or otherwise. It's unethical. Stop.
Please don't use ableist insults in your comments.  It does nothing to enhance your argument or the conversation of the sub.
Instead of calling someone unintelligent for lacking knowledge you have, you should use it as an opportunity to educate them.
"Retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
Please avoid using ableist insults in your comments.  It isn't doing anything to help your argument or add to the conversation of the sub.
It was a joke, but we don't need to repeat any derogatory remarks about people, right?
Do not be so rude. Try using adult language.
This is an interesting perspective but it's hard to digest when you use  words like those.
Instead of using those terrible terms, we can say something like she just steps out of line, that explains fine without the derogatory marks
Trivial language makes you look like you are intellectually challenged. Try to clean it up.
I think instead of judging the woman for their choices, we should just support them.
Try not to be rude when describing women.
You may have had a bad experience with the police, but generally, they are out in the community to help, not to harm us.
Other words that might be used in this instance are dumb or stupid.
I think the world has just become so sensitive, but we don't need to be using certain terms or blaming certain genders for things.
I think that we all can agree with our feelings towards this group. It's easy to get heated when talking about something so sensitive.
No need to use that sort of terminology! I get it can be annoying to see posts like this, but lets cool it with this kind of language.
If you guys weren't bonafide women-repellants you would have an accurate idea of what modern women actually look like.
You attract the kind of people who you are most like.
I understand your point, but that word is so offensive in today's society.  Perhaps a different word choice would be better.
Okay, first of all, stop implying the existence of intellectually disabled people is an insult.
Mental considerations aside, they simply feel strongly about the depiction of a personification of a computer program.
While the obscenity law is badly written, that is not grounds for using the existence of the intellectually disabled as profanity.
It is a muddy and messy subject. If you feel strongly about it you should lobby to have it changed.
You were on the verge of having a civil conversation until your monkey comment.  It was uncalled for, and you showed your true colors.
Hey guys, comparing people to monkeys is dehumanizing. Please try to be kinder to each other.
This is a big bag of worms. Etiquette is determined very heavily by the local culture, but we should probably avoid derogatory language.
God, people online these days! Just say stupid! You discredit yourself a lot by using hate speech when you could be making good points
Offensive language based on  disability is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Slow down on the C word, bud. It's only just starting to become acceptable again and we can't have people like you messing it up.
Offensive language based on religion is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
People like using the R word so much that they don't even realize there are better words to use.
Defining someone as mentally ill without actually knowing them is one of the easiest ways to look stupid.
That is not a respectful way to speak to a woman, even if she is resisting arrest.
I think you have no right to speak that way of a person running to be an elected official.
Don't pick on gender or political choices.
Illhen Omar is a Detroit-born Palestinian-American and the flag rumor is false.
Don't bash people for their religious choices.
Who gave you the right to say that to .. ? Open that cell, the police are on their way.
Don't gender bash!
Try to use language that shows how intelligent you are.
Stop with the gender bashing.
Let's try to keep the bad language to a minimum. Stupid would be a good word to use here.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/orsexual orientation in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Stop bashing people for their political views and medical conditions.
You were doing so well. Try to use other words like stupid or dumb instead.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation and disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Stop bashing peoples' religion and medical conditions.
Let's try to use African American instead.
Try to use adult language, even when trying to be funny.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation and/or race in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Stop bashing people for their sexuality and nationality.
What is the reason for bringing racial hatred into a discussion on D&D?
I am so confused. If you didn't play than never started.
This adds nothing to any sort of dialogue.
Please don't use the term "retarded."  Many users find it offensive.
Yes all Americans should make the same amount of money based on performance and education.
No need to but every person under your labels in the same basket.
All that is needed to say is that when someone falsely accuses another of anything, it's because something is hiding in their own closest.
"Re--rd" may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
Use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it demeans people with mental disabilities, and is hurtful and offensive.
"Ret--ded" and "jew girl" both show insensitivity and a lack of respect, they are beneath the level of discourse required here.
Morality, good or bad, is not categorized by gender.
We shouldn't downplay victims just because they come from privileged backgrounds.
I'm not sure if your mother would share the same view.
Your post contains sexist language, it would be better for you to express your views without such language.
People's sexuality aren't things we should trivalize.
I dont think you can compare Mods to pedophiles.
Please don't use language that insults people based on their sexual orientation.
Instead, perhaps try saying "Incompetent people" instead of using crude language
I think maybe you should write to them and explain them your point of view about the situation. Maybe someone in charge will figure it out.
Instead of using a phrase that implies that a mental handicap is the same as idiocy, try using a thesauras to really spice up your insults
hey guys, I think we should all consider that people have different kinds of intelligence. Let's not be so bold about this.
No one deserves to die and no one has the right to choose who lives or dies.
Instead of using a phrase that degrades women to make your point, perhaps try creating new and creative phrases
In this kind of situation, it can be confusing for people and behaviors become unstable. In her head it was the good thing to do.
Instead of using a term that centuries of systematic oppression of large groups of people try coming up with your own new creative phrasing
Let's not get so bold about this please. Respect each other.
Threatening violence only serves to prove the point of men only being aggresive. Try providing your own examples as to why this bothers you
Men are not so good to express themselves the western world because they must stay ''strong''. Let's leave women aside on this issue.
It sounds like you have a right to be frustrated but violence does not cure violence.
Are the derogatory terms really necessary.  you could have expressed your opinion without hurling a single insult.
Sad you think it's funny to use offensive slurs.
Omit profanity when describing people.  Use socially appropriate pronouns
Demeaning language is unnecessary.  You could have left that term out and still gotten your point across just fine.
It's hard to take you seriously when you use ableist slurs like that.
Avoid using the term [retarded]. It is considered hate speech towards the develomentally disabled
It's a dumb rule, but you dont need to call it that.
Using the word 'cunt' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Perhaps referring to someone as genitalia  doesn't really serve to get your point across.
Just because you dont share the same views as them doesnt mean yuo get to attack them and make yourself feel superior.
Using the word 'retardation'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Perhaps you should consider that attributing diseases to a website is illogical.
Not exactly. I think we are supposed to just jot down what we hear.
Using derogatory language isn't making it easy to respect whatever opinion you have.
Leave the last word out and you have a point.
This has been posted before, maybe should find a way to limit re-posts.
Using misogynistic slurs as an argument doesn't really prove a point.
Gentlemen please, this back and forth has completely gone off topic.
I thought both people in the video acted appropriately.
Using racial slurs in an attempt at humor is never funny.
Your comment doesn't really apply to the topic.
Everybody has their opinions and you are entitled yours.
Using offensive language like that is no way to get anyone to respect your opinion.
We are all used in some way but that certainly doesn't make someone worthless.
I hope the children have someplace safe to stay.
Using offensive slurs in an attempt at humor isn't as funny as you think it is.
Something mentality wrong is at play here so maybe its not smart to make fun of this person.
You should be able to argue a point without resorting to insults, especially those that are disrespectful to those with mental disabilities.
There is nothing constructive being discussed here at all.
You'd be a lot more persuasive if you didn't use that word.
Its important to be able to argue a point without resorting to insulting names and vulgarity.  Its hard to take someone seriously.
There is nothing productive being discussed, only taunts and insults.
I understand that you have a perspective to defend but using that word does not help your argument.
Its important not to use words that insult people with mental disabilities.  Many on here have family and friends that are affected.
I respect your right to argue your opinion, but you should not use vulgar terms for mentally disabled people to make it.
This is not necessary.
Your point of view becomes invalid when you use that word.
I understand you are having a hard time understanding Blizzards motives here, but its disrespectful to use vulgar insults in complaining.
There is nothing productive being discussed, when taunts and insults overshadow the rest.
"Retarded" is a word that is no longer socially acceptable due to being disparaging to the otherwise capable. Moronic and idiotic, however
Please refrain from using the word "retarded." Some users find it offensive.
There is no need use labels so senselessly.
That word is no longer socially acceptable due to having been a disparaging term to a historically persecuted people.
Refrain from using the word "retard." some users find it offensive.  Don't use the term "faggot" it is considered hate speech. Warning.
Your argument becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks are used.
The word "retard" is no longer socially acceptable due to being a disparaging term towards the differently abled. Please refrain
Refrain from using the word "retarded." Some users find it offensive.
Your argument becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are used.
Avoid using the words "cunt' and "bitch" these words are offensive toward women.
Calling the woman foul names does not help to make your case; in fact, it makes the argument fail.
Please Do not use offensive language
Calling the women foul names does not help to make your case; in fact, it makes the argument fail.
Please let's keep a proper language thank you
Please refrain from using offensive/derogatory terms when referring to others.
Using the word "retard" is offensive and not useful.
Please don't use that type of offensive terms
While this comment is actually funny in spirit, if you had refrained from using the word "retarded" it would actually produce a laugh.
First time I heard of wife beating culture. Now I know this is really out of control.
The labels and insults don't move any conversation along... or the weak humor, for that matter
One should never use a mental disaability as a way to express dissaproval of things.
I was abused badly by my ex-husband and I struggled to get out. Never did the thought of killing my 3 kids came to mind!
Outdated, hurtful labels don't help any discussion along
The vague racist overtones of african americans stealing bikes wasn't  so vague.
Broad generalizations don't help any discussion along...or hurtful humor, for that matter
They called homosexuals that word because they would throw them in the fires like a bundle of sticks. Please think about this and stop.
That is true. People only see what you allow them to see. Just like online profiles. Nobody knows I'm married unless I put in the profile.
Hurtful labels and generalizations don't help the conversation along
Belittling someone by saying they have a mental handicap is cruel to those with actual mental hadicaps. Words can hurt. Please stop.
If Mueller has the evidence than he can have them arrested. We all just have to be patient and wait this one out.
The hurtful label hurts lots of good people, remember...and isn't worth a weak, sad chuckle
This term is offensive to women.  You might want to be more constructive in your response in the future.
Calling someone by this term is derogatory to females.  It effects your character and shouldn't be used
That term is extremely offensive to women and should be used as an insult.
That term is demeaning towards the gay community.  Your words can hurt even if they aren't directed.
These comments are offensive to different groups.  Your words are hurtful and demeaning
"Re--rd(s) and" "bit-h" are terms of hate and should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
Stop using racist terms.
Referring to African Americans as monkeys is disgusting and hateful.
Look into the laws and the Constitution more as you seem to be lacking in understanding. Your post feels mean and ignorant of US law.
Stop using gender biased terms.
Using this word does nothing to your post but make me want to ignore it. If you want to add to the OP then do not use such harsh words.
Stop using gender based and medical conditions as insults.
You can feel this way, but there are better ways to express it. It would also help to explain why you feel this way.
Don't bash peoples' nationality or medical conditions.
Just because you disagree or dislike some thing does not mean you can attack it. I would encourage you to speak to the people you attack.
Stop sexual preference bashing.
People should have the free rights to practice whatever sexuality they're comfortable with, as far as it doesn't harm others.
There isn't a need to be angry over this, nor is there ever a need to use a slur that is unrelated to what is being discussed.
People from every background and sexual orientation suffer emotional trauma. It's not exclusive to gay people.
Even in a self-deprecatory way, there's no need to use hateful labels on yourself nor confine your past self to that label.
Stop bashing people for their sexuality.
Dressing in certain ways is no sure guarantee of one's sexuality, as people have different fetishes.
Your convoluted sentence was not improved by adding a descriptive slur. Rephrase your opinions without being hateful.
Stop bashing people for their sexual choices..
Your colorful anecdote isn't brightened up by using a slur. Paint your picture with a different word next time.
Please refrain from the harsh language as it is demeaning.
This term is offensive to women and should be used.  I'm sure you would be hurt if this was directed at you.
Please tell your thoughts without the loathing comments but instead use more pleasant words.
Please stop saying things that are so revolting as they are offensive to others.
Using this word is demeaning towards women.  It is totally unnecessary to use it as an insult
Please curb the abominable speech and use words that more friendly.
This term is offensive to mentally challenged people.  You words can be hurtful towards people other than your intended target.
Avoid the negative comments please because they are hurtful and disrespectful to others.
Using these words as a derogatory comment towards someone else it hurtful.
I don't understand why you think offensive language adds anything to your comment.
You make your point without denigrating females...
We do not generalize them. There will always be bad apples but not as many as the good ones.
The ableism in your comment completely undermines anything you had to say.
we need to be sensitive in using the word retards. It is a disability you won't like any member of the family to have.
Using slurs doesn't make anyone seem very intelligent.
That is a highly offensive term that shouldn't be used at all, let alone to a friend
That is not so nice.
Sad that you think it's funny to use ableist slurs.
Yeah, generalizing an entire group of people is real smart.
we need to be careful to our choice of words especially if it refers to a disability no one wants to have.
You need to clean up your language. There are lots of other words to express your opinion.
This comment is offensive and hostile. User will no longer be permitted to comment on this platform.
You talk about Incels as being stupid. Don't be like them. Clean up your language.
Guys, you shouldn't even use that language to talk about how you don't like that language
Unfortunately, this comment is being flagged as offensive and will be taken down.
Other verbage could be used to describe a woman, why not try it?
I think the point is made more strongly by user 2 without such offensive language
This comment is being flagged for its inappropriate and offensive language. Your account will be suspended on this platform.
Use of the c-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women.
I guess you don't like her, from the name calling.
Use of the f-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of homosexuality.
Sexual slurs do not equate a a dishonest business.
N/a
Slurs used here to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people.
Bullying in an argument about not bullying seems ironic.
Use of the slurs to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of homosexuality.
This hatred has nothing to do with video games.
It's really silly to attack a liberal strawman just to feel good about yourself.
an assumption of someone's political affiliation while using hateful words to attack it and imply threats is not welcome in this discourse
You don't even know her, how can you use that kind of language.
I know you've had your experiences but you can't just write off every woman as immature and just a "specimen".
Hateful speech about women is hurtful and offensive and therefore has no place in our conversations.
You can make your points without calling them names, and thus stooping to their level.
name-calling doesn't help you make your point.
your opinion is yours to give your vocabulary could use some cleaning
do not  use  words used in the 60's hatred era
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments in this thread
Please don't use the r-word. 30 years ago the intellectually disabled were institutionalized. We deserve the right to participate in society
30 years ago we were electing KKK Grand Wizards to Congress. This is nothing new.
Wow, ableist and sexist! No but seriously please don't use the r-word.
This is blatant hate. Do not degrade women because you do not agree with their opinion. Gender does not decide superiority.
I'd like to know how you came up with that horribly outdated opinion.
This is an offensive term to those who may have learning disabilities, do not use this word.
Please watch your tone. Please refrain from using offensive language in your replies.
hey there is no reason to use hateful terms about a person mental disability.
Women may find this as an offensive word, do not use it.
Your comment is very offensive. If you are going to keep posting offensive comments, you will be banned.
Woah, that is uncalled for. Do not use vulgar language.
If you continue to make offensive remarks, your comments will be removed.
Hey please do not use that nasty language on your posts.
This is an offensive word to those with special needs, please refrain from  using it.
Your offensive comments are not appropriate. Please refrain from using offensive language in your comments.
Stop using rude insults that pertain to someones mental disability
You need to educate yourselves better.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation,  which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
I think you need to mix more with people of different sexualities.
Regardless if the woman was a CEO or homeless, no man should ever leave her helpless to an attack.
Well using mentally disabled slang isn't going to get anyone taken seriously either Some feminist go to extremes but not all.
The language you are using is an attack on people of the LGBT community. Please stop.
Although everyone has their own insights on the matter, it is our job to set aside our differences to support the newer generations.
The term 'rancid cunt' is an attack on women and should not be used.
You are allowed to have your own opinion, but please keep your comments to yourself. We do not permit that type of language.
no one deserves to be attacked, no matter what she said about them.
Like User 13 said, please refrain from attack people using hurtful language.
Let us refrain from using inappropriate terminology to discuss ethnicity along with the R word.
You are allowed to have your own opinion, but please refrain from using inappropriate terms when discussing your stance.
you don't need to use slurs to get your point across. it makes people stop listening.
Stop using offensive language.  That is hate speech against people with disabilities.
Using that word is offensive toward people with disabilities.  Also, it is not a used clinical term anymore due to the derogatory nature.
Please do not use language that is demeaning to women.
Please stop spreading hate on the internet and go do something productive with your life.
Please do not use language that is demeaning to homosexuals.
Please stop insulting women and lesbians by using slurs.
Use of this slur to insult someone is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of lesbians.
Please do not use language that is demeaning to people with disabilities.
Just because times were bad doesn't mean they can't be better now. Slurs won't help anything.
The use of the r-word is hurtful because it denigrates people with mental disabilities and therefore is unacceptable.
Please don't use that word unless you're English or referring to cigarettes.
This slur denigrates homosexuals and is therefore unacceptable in our discourse.
Please do not use language that is demeaning to those with disabilties.
Hey, using slurs contributes to a hateful society. Instead of using the r-word or the c-word, let's build a kinder world.
Use of these slurs to insult someone is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive.
Wow, I think using the intellectually disabled as an insult like that is out of line.
"Ret--ded" and "b--ch" are offensive terms of hate; such blatant disrespect must be avoided in this forum.
While the situation might seem stupid, that's no reason to compare it to the intellectually disabled.
While y'all is a southern thing, calling people from Appalachia that is offensive.
Using the "c---" term is offensive and should be avoided.
Hey, people attempting to modify language does not give you a free pass to dehumanize them.
Let's not use that language to imply someone is gay. If he is, it's his business.
These nicknames are hurtful and constitute online bullying,
How about we not use any offensive names and respect each other?
Stop putting down peoples' sexual choices.
The moderators help maintain a healthy, safe online environment.
Please do not refer to people this way.  You are hurting people's feelings.
Stop gender and sexuality bashing!
Its not cool to use the R word at all.  There's a better way to call someone stupid.
Stop gender bashing womens ' choices.
Those are all fitting consequences for a perpetrator of rape. This is why women don't report. Proof is hard to come by.
I know you're mad, but that language is not necessary.  Don't call them that.
A body part has no part in this conversation.
There could be fanfiction out there, but I don't know anyone who is thinks of Trump in a sexual manner.
You're making way too many assumptions about people's genders.
It's normal to want to be in an intimate relationship with other people.  Not all women are 'weak' and not all men are 'strong'.
Drug abuse does not just come from one race.
Mental retardation is not an insult. Why do you think it is?
None of those should be an insult anyway.
There are a lot of other remarks that people can use that would be of greater use than calling people derogatory terms based on who they are
I know you are quoting someone, but that hate speech will not be tolerated.  That is offensive to women and people with disabilities.
Stop the political choice and gender based insults.
Not only is your statistic wrong, you are using hate speech toward women which will not be tolerated here.
Stop the racist insults.
The language you both used is extremely offensive toward the Black community and will not be tolerated.
The word you used is hate speech toward people with disabilities and will not be tolerated.
Personally I cannot stand Bots used for any purpose. Especially when I want to communicate with a real person.
Wilson is a beautiful woman making money off that beauty. I don't think that is bad, but she needs an education for when that beauty is gone
Kavanaugh was given a bad rap just because of his Trump nomination. They used him to get an agenda going and against Trump.
I think we are missing the point of this article
Mentally challenged individuals are highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is willful ignorance.
Red Dead Redemption 2 shouldn't be pushing that agenda or even bringing attention to it. Shame on them.
Multi-cultured children are the future so I think we all should be a bit more kind to them.
Racism is taught you are not born racist.
There are manners of discussing opinions on this woman's actions which do not involve a direct attack insinuating violence and hatred.
calm down please. I see why you are upset. She probably just wanted to have a very simple hair cut in a short time.
"Ret--ds" and "c--t(s)" are offensive terms of hatred and should be avoided in this forum.
Countering violence and hatred with more violence and hatred sparks more problems than it solves, no matter how horrible her actions were.
Offensive words towards a specific group are not tolerated nor do they help you to prove your point.
Using the word "re---ded" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
Use of the r-word and n-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people.
Variants of the "n word" as well as "re--rd" are offensive terms of hate and may not be used in this forum.
Degrading comments about racial slang, as well as words for mental delay are hateful, do not use them
Using the word retarded as an insult is hate speech, do not do it here
This is offensive based on gender, race and deeply insulting and offensive on many levels.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively, and hate speech directed at a religion,  are each offensive and must  be avoided
Making generalized insults about a person's religion is hateful, do not do it
Using social class as the butt of a joke is a low tier accomplishment that middle schoolers achieve regularly
I feel like you are purposefully misunderstanding the argument made here by taking it literally.
Perhaps you can understand why women are calling this behavior toxic considering your response.
Please refrain from using homophobic language when speaking about others on this platform.
I feel like you're using the double meaning of this word intentionally to offend.
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs when speaking about others on this platform.
This seems to be used here to score points, but it's a legitimate medical issue that you should read more about.
I agree the banning is out of hand. A friend just got banned on Twitter too just for voicing an opinion via DM.
I've had the same issues you have.  Do me a favor and watch the wording though, it can be offensive to some.
"Ret--ds" as used here is patently offensive; it should be avoided.
I just cannot believe the Simpsons is still airing. They literally tell us the future without knowing it.
I totally understand your point, but watch the wording if you would.  It's really not appropriate in this day and age.
We really should all have a Federal ID on top of a State ID.
Watch the nasty words about the mentally challenged, it only takes away from your argument.  I totally get it by the way.
"Ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance.
Murder and manslaughter are very different. One is on purpose while the other might be an accident. Very different consequences too.
This is the first time I ever heard of Gender Violence. It sounds like men and women just dislike each other due to gender which is stupid.
Watch the name-calling, dude.
A lot of people don't know by the CDC actually has a plan posted on the website for a zombie attack.
No need for the strong language there bud.
Let them dress how they want but I agree that it's probably more mentally healthy to pick one gender.
I do not agree with her.
This does not add to the post and is rude. If you want to criticize the say something other than name calling.
Use of the c-word as a slur is offensive and hurtful to all woman.
I feel that Canada Mods are soft.
Instead of name calling, explain why you feel this way. This will open the door to conversation and for someone to "change your mind."
Use of this slur is hurtful to people with homosexual orientation as well as most people because it is so hate-filled.
The potential bride should be referred to as a woman.
Your comments are slightly off topic and not based in fact. Do some research instead of going off your opinion.
The girlfriend should be referred to only as that.
There is no reason to attack anyone, but you are  attacking the woman more than the man. There is no reason to blame her for his actions.
Use of hateful slurs is defiling the conversation and offends women--there is no place for such hurtful speech in a reasonable discussion.
Why do you have to use derogatory terms as part of your vocabulary.  This language is incredibly offensive and should not be used.
This r-word, is offensive and hurtful - because it is associated with people who have disabilities.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this and your homophobia is showing.
Is your language really necessary?  Just because you disagree with them does not give you the right to insult them with offensive language.
This slur is no longer acceptable in our discourse, because of its offensive nature about homosexual orientation.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. Not to mention, we weren't all born to lick boots like you.
That language is unnecessary.  You can get your point across without using a derogatory insult.
The c-word is not acceptable because it is so hurtful and offensive to all women.
You could talk about it intelligently instead of calling names.
The word used is offensive to women and is very unnecessary.
Sounds like the French are taking this really serious.
This hate speech objectifies those with mental disabilities and it is not socially acceptable to use the word "retard".
Then it's time to run or jump out a window to safety!
Regardless of her mistakes we still don't need to call her names.
Calling a woman by that name does not assist in proving a point. Please use acceptable language.
Not only should he get that money, but she needs to be arrested!
I don't feel like this is something worth getting so upset over.
The use of this word in this context or at all is not condoned.
I keep hearing about that show, I need to check it out today.
You could have said all of that without the name calling and your point would be much more worthy of conversation.
The word retard should not be used in this context or at all as it is offensive.
I have been hearing a lot about Science being false. I guess my Bible was true after all...
Please don't use gender degrading words.
The term "c--t" is a bigoted term of ignorance and so does not have a place in intelligent commentary.
Things are far less engaging when blanket insults shade the actual discussion.
Both the "n word" and racial stereotyping are offensive and not permitted in this forum.
stop using gender degrading terms.
Stop using gender degrading word.
Please avoid referring to people with derogatory gender based slang. These words are hurtful and non-constructive.
Just because you disagree with the decision that she made gives you no right to use such demeaning language.  Erase it from your vocabulary
You really shouldn't judge someone before you know the whole story, she could have been coerst into joining this group, she is a young girl.
Please do not use harmful and demeaning language to express your feelings.  You could have said the same exact thing without that word.
I don't understand why you would attack more than half of american teachers just because they are female, you need to grow up.
Please work to find better words to use. referring to someone as a "cunt" is hate speech.
Please don't use derogatory terms in your posts.  This word is offensive to a substantial portion of our population and should not be used
No one is going to take you seriously using words like that, come back when you can speak like an adult.
Your comment uses hate speech and detracts from this productive conversation going on about the topic. Please avoid doing so.
This was a civil conversation until you opened your mouth, why don't you go back to your parents basement.
That word is meant to disparage the handicapable. Disgusting
That may or may not be the case, but most can spell "truly" correctly
Defining someone as mentally challenged without knowing them is one of the easiest ways to look stupid.
This person's sexuality and your ignorance have no bearing on the conversation
Mentally handicapped people are often highly intelligent individuals and to use that as an insult is pure willful ignorance.
Your post uses speech that denigrates gender and/or  disability, which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
"Fa--ot" and "re==rd", are terms of hate, so have no place in adult debate.
Nothing can be said, these types of people can't be reasoned with.
Trying to offend others by hurling insults only demeans yourself by your hurtful speech.
"Ret---ation" is not to be used, it is a term of hate.
Use of the word retardation here is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
I think a lot of citizens don't realize how many hard choices a president has to make.
That word is vulgar, type in Obama in the Urban Dictionary.The "C" word will be in the past after you do. You're welcome.
This speech attacks transgender people.
We should let every human live their life in a way that makes them happy as long as it doesn't hurt anyone.
This is a plethora of not PC words. Glad GLAAD isn't here. Non-conformist, transgender, intersexual=same thing he said but acceptable.
Think about it this way. These women are someone's mother, sister, daughter, or friend.
after the walkout there should be one to end the use of derogatory names of ladies private place.
This speech is incoherent and anti-women.
It's really unhealthy to be this angered over other's political beliefs. We should come together for the better good.
This is an enthusiastic bunch, I can hear animosity in each slur, very impressive, time to use our adult words now
I understand your frustration but faggot is such a derogatory word. You can get your point across without it.
On your way to get that award, I could really use a hug or 2. All the gab about gab and all the other words has me dizzy so lets hug it out.
Using the word 'non-retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Put yourself in the shoes of person with a disability and stop using such ugly reference terms as it shows a lack of intelligence.
Using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
These type of insulting terms are said by people that have a hard time speaking their mind with intelligence, don't fall into that category.
Restraint is good. What a guy.
You might find that you can get your point across better, if you don't refer to someone's gender in an aggressive and insulting way.
Good point but using that term doesn't help you make your case.
It probably appears to others that you are acting like an 11 year old when you use an offensive and immature term to describe a woman.
If you use language like that no one's going to listen to you accept the small circle of people who agree with you.
You were making good points until you stooped to the level of attacking one's gender in such a rude manner, then it comes off as ignorance.
I don't disagree, but watch the language please.
Please don't use a serious medical condition to express yourself.
Watch the language please. This type of speech is not acceptable.
You should provide an argument point instead of blindly insulting.
Please don't use a serious medical condition to bash others.
It is wrong and harmful that she lied, but it has nothing to do with women in general.
This slur is no longer acceptable because of its derogatory meaning affecting people with a homosexual orientation.
"Fa--ot" as used here is an offensive term and must be avoided
Please refrain from using racial slurs on this website.
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs and attacking others for their political beliefs, discussions should be respectful.
Hateful words about homosexual people and people with intellectual disabilities will not be tolerated.
Please refrain from attacking others for their gender
Language that denigrates women will not be tolerated.
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs and attacking others.
Hateful language against homosexual people will not be tolerated.
Jordan Peterson had a very good representation of Count Dankula I think.
This is what happens when people are no longer allowed to speak freely, if it was in poor judgement, lets hope the help that is needed occur
The problem is calling a white person "white man" makes it uncomfortable because you're separating them from a group.
Race is such a sensitive topic, my children know what not to say and i am sure you know as well.If you are a white man, try to sympathize.
Use of the n-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of black people.
Well being perfect isn't easy in 2019.
The use of harsh, offensive words against someone does not any context to a conversation so how about try saying somthing that could be help
While I appreciate your sentiment, this language is not appropriate.
This language isn't appropriate. It's 2019 and certain words are no longer acceptable to use.
Your language is toeing the line. This is a warning.
Sometimes you have to advocate for yourself, and we don't know the whole story
While your sentiment stands, let's watch the language.
Even so, don't think we have to use abusive language to get the point across
sexist and derogatory comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Mental retardation and gender stereotyping are not relevant to the discussion. Pedophelia is very defined by law.
Racial generalisation and sexual orientation are irrelevant to being downvoted.
The irony is that you're trying to have a whole argument about toxicity while you are being toxic.
Luckily, both of you get to hide your identity. I wonder what kinds of awful things would be said about you, if you were in the public eye.
I understand your angry but there's no reason to talk that way about women.
Calm down on the hate speech there
I think it sounds like the men lost their jobs on their own. Without their negative actions, they'd still have job security.
There's no reason to use such an offensive term towards women.It's highly offensive.
Yes, the woman who lied about it was not a good person, but that doesn't mean you have to call her the 'c' word
Just state that she was lying. When you name call, it makes your comment less credible.
There's really no reason to use terms like that. There's no reason to offend as many people as possible. That just makes you a bad person.
I don't think there are actually any benefits to using that word. If I'm missing something, please, inform me.
There really is no reason to use the 'r' word in your argument at all.
I was taking you serious and actually trying to understand your opinion, that is until you decided to name-call.
I hate to see you denigrating women like that. Maybe tone it down a little.
"B--ch", "slut," and "tw-t" are terms of hate that target all women; they are to be avoided here.
Someone is having a bad day
I know you're not trying to be hurtful by saying the R word but it kind of comes off that way.
"Re--rded" is offensive; try to substitute a less-stereotyping term.
You make some great points, I just wish you didn't use such sexist language to communicate them.
"C--t" used pejoratively is offensive and hateful; it should be avoided here.
By calling her the C word you're minimizing the fact that she's a terrorist sympathizer and instead insulting all women.
Buy Felicia
You should mix with the opposite sex more and educate yourself.
Cunt when used against women is a misogynistic phrase, no matter how the woman was acting.
Attacking others based on their gender is not a productive or careful way to have a conversation.
You should mix more with people of different ethnicities.
The n-word is an extremely racist term and racism does nothing to contribute to meaningful conversation or our society.
Words used to hurt a group of people aren't necessary to have a productive conversation
You need to educate yourself better.
Her body size has nothing to do with her actions and should not be used against something unrelated.
Using words to attack ones gender do not convey understanding or care.
I saw her in that video and I was embarrassed for her.
Your post uses speech that denigrates religion, sex and gender, which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
I don't agree with a rape culture. Either a man is capable of rape or he isn't.  No culture is involved.
Wow I never realized strippers were such a headache for you men. Shows that a real woman like myself is the real prize.
This comes off as nonsensical when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown around
You need to be careful what you say to not offend anyone today.
This comes off as nonsensical
That is just terrible to say. Some people need to just stop with the racist comments and learn to love and live in peace.
This comes off as unnecessary when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown around.
Even a biological term could be considered racist, please refrain from using racist, and derogatory terms towards women and the disabled.
Don't bash people because of their political beliefs,race,gender, or medical conditions!
Offensive language based on race is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
It isn't necessary to use racist terms to describe people.
There are ways to refer to women without using a disgusting and offensive term like the one you used.
Stop with the racist nationality remarks and gender bashing words.
Watch your language.  Harmful and offensive terms are not needed to express your opinion in this discussion so why use them?
watch you language.  Using a derogatory term directed at females to describe a journalist that you don't like is disrespectful.
Instead of insults, let's focus specifically in what you don't like about the journalist.
Please don't say such things that offend people.
Threats of violence are not permitted.
Talking about killing a race or a person in an organized religion is immoral. We are all humans with the same feelings of emotions, be kind.
Please avoid all the commentary that is abusive to others.
Offensive language based on gender identity is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
This is homophobia. The transgender community are the most kind hearted people above us all. They are not hurting you so leave them alone.
Thank you for your opinion, but please take out the language that is degrading to others.
The words you use are hurtful to others so please start thinking about those you offend and change the language.
Using the word retarded is not acceptable. It disrespects many physically disabled people and their families.
Fast food was always bad for you, but now a days it's just down right nasty.
Let's not make mockery of people's disabilitoes by trivialising them.
I wouldn't allow my young child to follow Malala regardless of race or religion.
Socialists have their own way of thinking it doesn't mean their bad, just different.
People have the right to choose political beliefs. We should respect ourselves and beliefs.
As a woman I dislike when other women go down this road. Video games are just games, don't read into it too much.
You should not use these words to describe people. Discriminating against people because of stereotypes is wrong.
People have a right to sexual belief and practices, as far as they don't harm others.
"Ret--ded," "fa--ot" and the "n word" all often comprise hate speech, hence they are forbidden in this forum.
I don't think that freedom is what you describe it is.
"Ret---ed" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families.
please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
"Ret---ed"  and "f-g" are often terms of ignorance and hate, so we should avoid their use here.
I dont think these examples were necessary to convey your point.
Using the term "c--ts" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided.
Calling them that will not make more people like you.
You used hate speech (against LGBT community, women, mental illness)  multiple times in your post and that will not be tolerated here.
It's hard to take your opinion seriously with all the homophobic slurs.
The use of that word is hate speech against people with disabilities and will not be tolerated.
There are better ways to get your point across than using offensive terms, like the 'c' word
Use of the c-word is not acceptable in our discourse because it hurtfully denigrates women.
Women would have worked just fine over the 'c' word
Better words could have been used instead of the 'c' word
Use of the c-word is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women.
Please be kinder with your words and change the commentary.
No one here cares for the truth, only to win an argument over the internet
Please avoid the trash talk and use words that are uplifting.
Please use more caring words and less expressions of hate.
Ha! He really struck a nerve! All that name calling doesn't make him wrong.
refrain from using derogatory terms in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
The expressions you use can be taken offensively, so please rethink your comments.
This is an extremely offensive word that is demeaning to women ad shouldn't be used in this context.
Can't really take you seriously when you think ableist slurs are okay to use.
Using this word in this manner is out of line, mental retardation is not something that should be used as a joke.
Hard to take your point seriously when you use ableist slurs.
Using the word retard is offensive to mentally challenged people.  This about your words before you put them on the internet.
Making fun of someone you dislike isn't going to solve any problems.
This word has historically been regarded as hate speech, and your point would be more effectively made using other language.
Calling people names because you dislike them isn't going to solve anything.
Please refrain from using this type of hate speech. It does not promote constructive conversation.
Just because someone likes the same sex does not make them less than you.
This language is not tolerated, nor is it conducive to a constructive conversation. Please refrain from derogatory and hate speech
Please refrain from using such derogatory names.
Please change the speech you use on this page. Hateful and derogatory speech is not tolerated.
Hey, I understand your frustration, but let's not use ableist slurs.
You being acculturated into propaganda only proves our arguments. Furthermore, please don't talk about the intellectually disabled like that
Hey, let's not use slurs. We're supposed to be the rational side here.
Complaining about a generalization while generalizing invalidates your argument entirely. Grow up and go outside once in a while.
I appreciate your sentiment, but please be nicer to intellectually disabled people.
I agree, but would use a friendlier adjective. 'unfounded comparison' for example.
"Re--rd" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families.
I think ya'll just need to calm down and be a little more respectful of each other and recognize each other's failures kindly.
Can't really respect this comment when you think it's okay to use ableist slurs.
"Re--ed" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families.
Dude, just say 'too stupid'. There's no reason to use such hateful rhetoric.
It's hard to take anything you say seriously when you use ableist slurs like that.
Man, it's so ridiculous to me that people want to wave their dicks around by using slurs causally on the internet. Have some respect.
Your opinion might have been good had it not included the ableist slur.
It's all right to disagree with people without seeing vast conspiracies in their behavior.
I don't think that word has any place in a conversation about software.
Someone is trying to engage with you about your behavior and you should listen to them.
No violence is okay, and I don't think you should put yourself in the position of defending it.
Hey, that word is really out of place and childish in this context.
Using an ableist slur to defend yourself makes it hard to take you seriously.
"Reta---d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families so the term is not allowed.
Using misogynistic terms in an attempt at humor isn't actually funny.
It would be easier to take your opinion seriously without the use of ableist slurs.
"Ret--ded" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families.
Use of the c-word is not acceptable in our conversations because of the hateful meaning it conveys about women.
Use of that language regarding your ex-girlfriend is gender discrimination.
Use of the c-word is hateful and offensive to all women and is therefore not acceptable in our conversation.
Use of that term to describe a woman is gender discrimination
People have a right to political beliefs. There are good people in every political divide.
This c-word, even if not intended to be offensive, is hurtful - because it is is derogatory slang affecting all women.
The c-word, is not acceptable- because it is highly offensive and hurtful to women.
Use of that term to describe a woman constitutes gender discrimination
You should ashamed of yourselves.
All ya gotta do is remove a word and you wouldnt have any problem with being offensive.
You're better than that. Stop.
You should be ashamed.
You literally can just say dumb.
You're better than this.
Can we not try to insight violence
You're better than that.
How about we don't.
Please avoid using insults regard disabilities and sexual language when posting.
Your description of women as retard and basic is generalizing and hateful speech
Using language like that to describe someone or something speaks to that persons character.
I heard that witchcraft isn't just a bunch of women but men practice too.
Such repeated and reflexive misogyny is rude, insensitive, ill-considered and unnecessary in intelligent debate.
I love a good fiction book about villains. Female villains are awesome!
Using the slur here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
The use of "tw-t" to refer to women is offensive, unnecessary and should be avoided.
Another example of not allowing history to be told honestly.
I hope the video shows that so he doesn't get in trouble.
Mindlessly using the "c---" term to refer to women, and threatening gender-based violence, are offensive, unnecessary and should be avoided.
Using a slur wasn't really necessary.
Using language that is violent towards gay people makes is unacceptable and only serves to make you seem ignorant.
Insulting all women isn't a great way to bring people to you side.
This language is violent against women in general and is therefore unacceptable.
Using slurs and hate speech examples in such a flippant way is tacitly supporting these ideas. Please reconsider your language choices.
By gamifying behavior that you see from real people expressing real concerns, you're depersonalizing them in a really alarming way.
You're not even being original. Go back to /b/.
This is a childish way to use a word that's so hurtful and there's no need to double down on it.
Sexual abuse of young boys is a real problem and it's ignored by society at large.
Using mental illness and sexuality as verbal weapons is a weak accomplishment.
This is an abusive homophobic attack but using insults and slurs to defend yourself against it doesn't help.
Engaging in the civic process might help you to feel less cynical about your process!
I don't think it's going to solve anything to insult everyone equally.
I wouldn't compare disabilities to this. Over a game...come on
Yes, it may have been a mistake, but name-calling, swearing, and bashing the person(s) responsible does not seem like the best decision.
Please do not use mental illnesses as an insult.
Please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language as an insult.
While I understand the angst of this conversation, I think that the name-calling and bad language are not entirely necessary, guys!
I wouldn't compare disabilities to him.
Please refrain from attacking others based on where they came from/were born.
F*ggot is a homophobic term rooted in violence against the LGBT community, and does nothing to add to the conversation.
Using the slur here hurts and demeans gays, alienates, and is not acceptable.
Gay people are perfectly capable of recognizing murders, what with all the hate crimes done to them. Don't talk about them like that.
F*ggot is an extremely homophobic term rooted in violence against the LGBT community.
Please don't bring gay people into this- especially not with that language.
Retard is an offensive term that puts down disabled people. Perhaps consider using more accepted terms not associated w disabled people.
Please don't bring the intellectually disabled into this. And especially not with slurs.
Using the slurs here hurts and demeans others, alienates, and is not acceptable.
Guys, let's try being kinder to people. Black people deserve human rights, as do lesbians.
Stop with the gender bashing terms.
This whole thread is just filled with angry little misogynists.
It says a lot that you feel the need to label this woman by her gender instead of her actions
This post perpetuates racist stereotypes, please do not post such things.
Stop using racist humor.
Stop using medical conditions to express yourself.
Just stay stupid or dumb. It really isn't difficult and it would make your points seem more credible
Please stop making fun of people and their weight issues.
Using the word retarder instead of stupid just makes you look stupid. People will take your points a lot more seriously if you change.
Refrain from using vulgar language when voicing your opinions on a person.
You're language her leaves a lot to be desired. Maybe try to sound like an adult.
Do not use degrading language towards sexes, and do not use mental disabilities as an insult.
I think you need to try and be civil in your language.
Do not use vulgar terms when talking about females
There are other words you could use to show your displeasure with women. Why not try them out.
To act like those of the opposite sex all behave the same way is to admit to your narrow mindedness.
Hey there stop using mental disabilities to insult others.
Try words like Dumb and stupid instead.
Do not use vulgar terms mixed in with other words when posting.
Try again. Find a different civil word to use.
Defining someone by their gender is one of the easiest ways to look stupid.
You seem to have a lot of anger toward hypothetical women, this isn't really fair.
Try talking to women and reading about the various women's movements and waves of feminism. Study history.
Using irrelevant language to describe women doesn't strengthen your argument.
Do you really think you made this place better by calling him that?
There is no reason here to even call someone a name. Save yourself down votes and don't post.
Using this hateful language does not make you correct or "own libs." It only makes people want to disengage from conversation with you.
I think that there is a better description for this tactic.
You're kind of proving their point there. Why escalate like this?
While you do have a right to feel this way, using foul language will turn people away from discussing it with you. Try being more calm.
You can share your opinion without directing it towards a specific person.
Women her age put up with a lot; we don't know her whole backstory and why she's like that.
You shouldn't judge people by their age. User 3 makes a good point.
Calling her that takes you down to her level.
I think the whole multi gender option is a bit much in the games, but if you don't want to use that character than just ignore it.
I really do not see any current issue with anime and fascism. They should just leave it alone.
Cops shouldn't speak to people that way, it only escalates the issue.
Just play the game and leave the racist comments alone.
There's really no reason to single out a race. Black children go to school just as any other race. Fact.
It is about time someone stood up to the Canadian government when they felt their rights were violated.
We are in the 21st century, we really don't need words like that. There's absolutely no reason for calling him that.
It was awful what happened, let's not make it worse by degrading people based on their sexual orientation and disabilities.
Use of slurs here is offensive because it equates homosexuality or intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
There's no need to use derogatory names to get your point across.
There's no reason to degrade people with disabilities, even if you don't agree with someone else's political or philosophical views.
Just because you don't agree with the decision they made, using a derogatory word like that is still not justifiable.
Disagreeing with the claim does not mean you have to demean those with disabilities. Words have power.
There really is no justifiable reason as to why you needed to use the 'r' word in your question.
It is unacceptable to degrade people with disabilities just because you don't agree with their policies.
Use of the word retards is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Don't think you should be using the 'r' word. It's derogatory and not necessary.
As tempting as it is, we shouldn't degrade people with disabilities in order to express our disagreement with someone's actions or thoughts.
Calling someone retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Not saying I condone what happened, but there is no reason to call someone the 'r' word.
Why do you need to use such foul language. You do not even know this person so why direct insulting terms towards them.
Calling a woman a slob with no evidence is hateful speech towards all women, do not use it.
This is a hurtful generalization of people with actual mental disabilities.
Why use this demeaning term to express your opinion.  there are plenty of other words that do not have the same derogatory connotation.
The word retarded as an insult is hateful to many people so please refrain from using it
This is a hurtful attack towards women, claiming that 'modern cunts' all engage in this behavior.
Your derogatory language is entirely unnecessary.  You can express your displeasure without insults/name calling.
this language regarding women is insensitive and hateful and should not be used in this forum
Please stop bashing others for gender and medical conditions.
"Re--rd" and "c--t" are offensive and should not be used in this forum.
Stop with the racist insults.
Please stop using gender based and medical conditions as  insults.
Offensive language based on disability and sex is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
"Re---d" and "c--t" are terms of hate and not to be used here.
Please reevaluate your comments and use words that are more edifying to others.
I think that we could use a better word to call someone that doesn't reference a mental disability.
The words you use are disgusting so please use more pleasing words to get your point across.
I think that we could use better language to discuss this topic.
delete the comment and suspend the user.  user 58 , see ya
A word doesn't have to be the worst possible thing to say in order to be hurtful to people.
In this cultural context it is a slur deliberately and specifically used to demean and degrade the target. It's not confusing at all.
delete the comment and suspend the user - user 13 -- off the platform
You should look into the statistics of false rape accusations, they might interest you.
Please talk to a therapist about your paranoia and deep-seated resentments of women.
delete the whole conversation, penalize the first speaker
Nobody is asking you to end all harassment, you are being asked not to be a harasser yourself, or to make posts like this.
I know you're very upset about people who aren't you being allowed to participate in your favorite hobby but there's no need for slurs.
"Ret--dedly" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families
There are terms used in this post that have been deemed as hate speech.  This language is offensive and not to be used on this site..
stop
A term used in this post has been deemed as hate speech.  This language is offensive and unacceptable to use on this site.
There was no reason to insult anyone else in this conversation and either of you could have walked away.
Come on guys. This is not that serious. Conflicting views and that's it. Get a grip.
Using gendered insults really doesn't speak well of you.
I am sure you have something more formidable to say instead of name calling...
Using this word is hurtful to people who have nothing to do with the conversation.
Slow down dude. Everyone is entitled to their own opinion.
I understand that this makes you uncomfortable, but proper sex education is what keeps children from getting hurt.
Valid point. I probably wouldn't have used such "colorful" language but still, totally valid point.
Offensive language based on sexual orientation is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
I agree with the earlier comment. Intellectually challenged.
that is below the belt. maybe he did not have the facts right but not enough to call names.
Using those words to describe people are extremely offensive.
These terms are uncalled for an inappropriate. Please refrain.
The use of this kind of racist word is not tolerated and will be removed
Refrain from using those terms.
Requesting that HATE filled words not be used is not to hinder anyone but instead to provide a place where there is no fear of verbal abuse
Using sexuality as a way to insult is only showing of your lack of creativity
Stop bashing people for their sexual choices.
What is the point of using that language, you can make your point without it
The word faggot is a highly offensive term and can be classified as hate speech directed at the LGBTQ+ community and is unacceptable.
Stop with the gender based insults.
that language isn't helping you make your point... not all women are the same or have the same views
The word cunt is a highly offensive term and can be classified as hate speech directed at women and is unacceptable.
Stop with the gender bashing, sexual bashing and identity bashing insults.
What's the point of all this hateful terminology, who cares what other people do if it doesn't affect you, we all have different experiences
Attacking a user with hate speech and vitriol is no way to win an argument.  The racism, homophobia, and transphobia present is unacceptable
Stop bashing peoples' political and sexual choices.
what is the use in using this language, it isn't helping you make your point or get listened to
Using words to demean a person's gender are neither productive nor careful.
There are actually tons of women in positions of power.
Based on one person's actions, you can't generalize an entire country or gender group. Wake up!
Using words that profanely refer to a person's gender are neither productive nor careful.
Cheating is wrong regardless of the gender of the offender.
Using hateful language will not help anyone, ever.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability in conversation is not productive or meaningful.
I don't think you actually understand what that word means.
That would be a medical condition people are born with. Hope you feel better about yourself.
Using words that describe someone with a mental disability are not productive in conversation.
I guess you didn't like it. Hard to tell under the hate speech.
There are so many verbs and adjectives in the English language. It is not necessary to use a word that is a medical condition.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person are neither productive nor careful.
Everyone agrees she's in the wrong, the name calling takes away from your point, though.
Using that word doesn't get your point across and, in fact, makes people not take you seriously.
Using words to attack a person's sex will not promote a sound conclusion to your argument.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and/or religion which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Hate speech doesn't help anyone. Let's have an intelligent conversation without resorting to hateful name calling.
Using negative words that refer to one's gender identity or religious affiliation do not promote understanding.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation and/or disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
What does name calling have to do with this conversation? Let's be adults people.
Such an eloquent respone. Too bad you had to ruin it with hatful foul language.
A hateful comments don't help any of these victims. Don't stoop to the same level.
There were many different ways you could have phrased that and i would have taken your valid point more seriously.
I see your point but there's no reason to use such an offensive term.
i am not sure redneck is a race? and i understood your point just fine with out slur thrown in.
She isn't necessarily racist, so much as lazy. Keep to the point.
if we could refer to her as woman for the rest of post i could give a lot more weight to the arguement.
We get it. You don't like this person. There's still no reason to refer to her in this way.
Not pretty, but neither is your colorful language...
can you drop the "c" word for the sake of me understanding who you are talking about here? thanks.
It's just not necessary to use such an offensive term to make your statement.
Actual names would be helpful, not your idea of what they should be named...
Using 'cunt' as an insult is offensive to women because its a direct attack based on gender.
Lighten up, this is just a chat room, you don't even know him.
The 'c' word shouldn't be used in any context
Using 'retard' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
The use of the 'r' word was incredibly offensive here
That remark is rather extreme, you'd sound smarter by not using it.
You shouldn't use offensive terms just because you're angry
Come on, you'd look smarter by not using that word.
You could have just said women
"Re--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families.
This is a random place to put such a hurtful word and you certainly didn't need it.
It would be helpful just to answer without insulting people by calling them a "retard."
You should take a closer look at what this article says and not use it to confirm your own biases.
"Ending retardedly" isn't even a real word. How about offering a critique which doesn't insult people but rather uses facts?
"C--ts," "Re--d(ed)," and "re--rds" are each offensive, unnecessary and should be avoided in this forum.
You should make more friends from these groups so that you understand why they feel upset.
Calling someone a "cunt" or "retard" is insulting and hateful. How about using other words to express your outrage.
Using the "c---" term to refer to anyone is offensive, unnecessary and should be avoided.
referring to someone as "cunt" is not only hateful but it is not a very good way of describing someone.
Using "Ret--d" about anyone may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
These are real people that you're talking about and they would be hurt that you said this about them.
Calling someone a retard isn't very nice.  It's a form of hate speech which lowers the level of communication on online communities.
Woooow, you must really hate women.
Hey, intellectually disabled people are people too. Please don't use them as slurs.
There is no place in civilized discourse for the n-word as it is too offensive and hurtful.
Hey, let's censor the n-word. It belongs to black people, not to us.
There is no place for the n-word in any civilized discussion.
We are talking about humans, not rabid animals.
Heyo, if you think you're better than these people, you shouldn't use slurs to refer to them.
Just call them a moron or something.
I don't think whether people are intelligent or not is relevant to the discussion.
Using the c-word to insult a woman is not just hateful and spiteful but also denigrates all woman.
There are soooo many more creative words to use than this.
That woman might be disabled. For that matter, using slurs outs you as a terrible person.
This has nothing to do with mentally diminished people.
While I appreciate you being upset about the sexist title, using retarded in that way is just another way of bringing people down.
You're very quick to judge and label someone mean-spirited while being so yourself.
You still should not call people out of their names period.
They are used as insults yes but that doesn't make them any less bigoted or hurtful to people. Gay people still have to deal with it.
Regardless of what stunt she is trying to pull you should still refrain from calling her that.
Comparing someone to those with mental illness is more indicative of your intellect than theirs.
I think it should be possible to have a debate about religion without breaking it down into a I'm smarter or you are dumber than me argument
Using cunt as an insult is hateful towards all women, do not use such language here.
Not sure why the sexism, but please watch the language.
Using the word nigger to refer to an anonymous person is hate speech, do not use such a term here.
This is incredibly disgusting. This language is not acceptable in any way.
Racial slurs such as nigger/nigga are hateful, do not use them here.
This is horrible. This language is not acceptable in any form.
Using retard as an insult is hateful, do not use that language here.
I see this conversation is getting heated. Watch the language please.
There is no need to call her that, you can state your opinion without that word.
Watch the language. This isn't appropriate.
The 'c' word isn't a word that should be used, it's offensive
Please reply without using those descriptions in your comment.
This is beyond inappropriate. This language is unacceptable.
Your statement was offensive and used terms that should not be used.
Those are very offensive words and will not be tolerated.
There really isn't a good enough reason to use the 'c' word
There is no need for such language, you can state your opinion without using such language.
I understand this is a heated topic but watch the language.
There's no reason to call someone the 'c' word
You'd have more success swaying people's opinions if you didn't use that word.
The headline was shocking enough, your comment doesn't really add anything to it.
Hey now, do not use that sexually vulgar word when posting.
Whether it's racist towards whites or blacks, it's still racist.
Yikes, harsh name calling isn't necessary on this thread!
Woah! please do not use inappropriate language when talking about religious figures.
She does not represent all women, thankfully!
Please do not use vulgar words when voicing your opinion
This was a good argument, until it got derailed with the racial slurs.
Avoid using racist terms when posting on different feeds.
Using the word retarded as an insult is hate speech, do not use it here.
Ableism in your comment makes it hard to take anything you say seriously.
The word "c--t," since it offends many, has no place in intelligent commentary.
The word cunt when used as an insult against a woman is hate speech, do not use it here.
Using offensive slurs don't add anything to the discussion.
Using the word retarded as an insult is hateful and inappropriate in this forum.
This language is completely unacceptable and disgusting. This is your first and final warning.
As a word that has been commonly used against groups of women, this word is considered hate speech and its use should not be taken lightly.
That's incorrect. Regardless, this language is not appropriate for this subreddit.
This language is deemed offensive is just cause for permanent deletion and suspension of user account.
I understand you have strong feelings but its hurtful to use vulgar insults for those that actually have mental disabilities.
Thousands of adjectives available and you choose retarded? Come on.
This comment includes offensive language and will be deleted permanently.
I understand you are frustrated with the situation but its hurtful to use vulgar insults of people with mental disabilities.
Why do you have to use the word 'retard'? Wouldn't bigot or rube fit better without maligning the mentally handicapped?
This comment has been flagged for its insensitive and offensive language.
I understand you are trying to by funny but vulgar insulting words can be hurtful.  Its important to respect others when making posts.
Clever, but come on. I think men and women are equal constructors of this thing.
Using the term 'cunt' like this is an attack on women and is not constructive to the conversation.
You did not have to say something like this.  you could have passed right over this post and never commented this term.
Using the term 'hooded faggot' sounds both race-insensitive and possible like an attack based on sexuality. Please stop.
"Faggot" is just a word that people/trolls use to goad an emotional response from someone. Let's have a real conversation
You could have expressed you opinion without using that word.  You could have used any other word, but instead chose something derogatory.
Such an unnecessary hateful word to use.
My son also thinks this generation is out of hand and he's 15. I think sometimes he is 15 going on 40.
Such offensive language to use in a constructive conversation, no one can take you seriously if there taking offence.
These classic video games is where it all started. We have really gotten so far away from just playing games.
I recognize that your trying to make a point however the use of such derogatory language is very unnecessary and offensive.
Unions are not all that bad and protect people. For Gamers to go and make such a fight makes no sense.
Please use language that is respectful to different abilities.
Disagreeing with someone ideologically doesn't mean you should lump entire groups together and make generalizations with hateful speech
Please be respectful of women.
Men can also be emotionally high strung people, there are negatives to all politician, lol
Please use language that is respectful of women and different sexual orientations.
these comedian went on stage to do a job. keep it professional,Rude and offensive terms are needed to voice opinions
That kind of nasty language isn't helping anyone understand each other
Use a different term for women.
There are sooo many other words you can use, like dumb, stupid, obtuse, or is your vocabulary just that small.
Keep your language civil. Just because you are mad doesn't mean you should speak like this.
It seems like you just hate women.
You should work on your language skills in regards to women. It will take you far.
"Ret---ed" and "c--t" as used here are offensive and should be avoided.
Do not use offensive language to communicate your point.
You can communicate your point without using offensive language.
Please don't use sexist language to express your disapproval.
You're allowed to think someone is unintelligent, but your language is unnecessary.
This post contains strong homophobic slurs, they have no place on this forum.
You can communicate your point without offending a whole group of people.
Please communicate your point without using offensive language.
The 'f' word isn't a word that should be used to win internet arguments. It's derogatory.
Suicide and derogatory names do not make the point more valid. Refrain from using these offensive comments when disagreeing a subject.
Kids, Keep it civil and use your language skills.
You shouldn't call people the 'f' word. It's derogatory and completely unnecessary.
Derogatory words do not change what this guy has done. Refrain from offensive comments.
You can get your point across without being uncivil.
The 'c' word is derogatory and should not be used.
You should use language that is a little less trivial.
You clearly have some deep mental issues that you are blaming on women instead of taking responsibility and fixing
There are people who have BDSM interests, but that's different than this conversation.  I wouldn't sink to anyone's level by abusing back.
Interesting that you are so attached to that word that you keep using it despite having real repercussions
I think there's a lot more to the output or at least perceived output of anyone than just if their male or female, training for one.
There is no subsection of the Canadian economy comprised entirely of a subgroup of people, so your description is invalid.
It is okay to have strong opinions but when you use that language is makes you sound prejudiced.
Your comments are very inappropriate in a discussion about underage children; your attraction or the child's sexuality isn't the focus here.
Please remember you're talking about an eleven year old and perhaps not be so disgusting.
Using ableist slurs is unnecessary when you could use better phrases like "unintelligent" or "didn't comprehend the reading".
Calling names because you don't agree with something doesn't help anyone.
I think we should focus on the positive interactions in this situation.
I understand you think she is rude and quite ridiculous, but there's much more creative terms for her not based on gender!
If we state opinions without calling names, it makes the comments more credible in a discussion.
Do not use a persons disability as an insult to others.
Using a word to insinuate that someone is stupid when it is a medical condition people are born with does not help get your point across.
Avoid using vulgar sexual terms when voicing your opinion.
That word is totally disrespectful.You're trying to make a point that you have an open mind while using a heinous word to get your point
Please refrain from using derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
Abstain from using vulgar words and using a persons mental disability as an insult.
Just all around offensive to women and special needs people. Using hurtful language doesn't help anyone.
Body shaming is just bullying. Everyone sounds so bitter about people they don't actually know and just assuming everything.
You all must be pretty miserable. Especially because I'm reporting you for using slurs.
The other poster was right, you need to calm down a bit.
Please be kinder with regards to your own intelligence and the intelligence of others.
Use of the c-word is offensive and hateful toward all women.
Thank you for showing us what a terrible person you are! I will take my vagina elsewhere, and not engage with you further.
Ah yes, let's set the response standard to what you post, just insulting.
Use of the c-word is not acceptable any longer because it is offensive to most if not all women.
No comment on the veracity of this article, but please be kinder to women and refer to them with less harsh language.
Sexual assault can be difficult to prove regardless, not all accusations without evidence are malicious.
I don't think referring to someone with a derogatory name for a person with a disability promotes a productive conversation.
Using negative words based on sexual orientation to refer to other is not nice.
There's no reason to use words like that.
There are a lot of other words you could use beside 'cunt', like 'woman' or 'chick'.
It's not right to make fun of mental handicaps.
You're unlikely to change the other user's opinion if you refer to their daughter with such vulgar words.
Relationships do still hold merit, i don't understand why people think NAWALTS are incels.
These statistics are false and are perpetuated by an increasingly xenophobic society. Please cite your information more carefully.
The increase in violent crime is actually committed against the Muslims you are speaking about.
You don't have any proof that the increase in Muslims in the UK is linked to terror attacks there.
Please state your concerns in a more acceptable tone as these words show hateful comments.
Equal rights doesn't mean men and women have rights to hit each other. Violence is wrong and illegal both ways.
I see that you are frustrated, but please use words that are not detestable.
Instead of name calling, maybe you could state what she lies about and prove it.
The words you use are painful to innocent others so please reconsider how you say things.
Instead of name calling, please tell us something about the person's actions and why you disagree.
Remove gender-deragatory words.
Using those terms in their context doesn't mean equality.
Avoid sexually explicit languae. Refrain from using deragatory/gender-offensive descriptors.
Sometimes people just make faces and and shouldn't be labeled as anything in such a hateful context.
Avoid using profanity when describing events.
I'm not really sure labeling anyone as mentally disabled should be used for someone that complains.
Avoid using gender-offensive language.  Replace profanity adjectives with appropriate alternatives, use anotomical references.
It doesn't really matter what anyone likes, It is up to them and only them.
You can't generalize a group of people just because of a few individuals. How would you feel if someone did that to you?
I really don't think we need to be belittling firefighters!  They do a tremendous service to the public.
One's job title has no influence on their individual character. The collar or social status is only that. It isn't a defining mark.
You don't know what other people are going through in their lives or what is the true cause.
While I know of some people who have had vaccine injuries, it still is not ever right to put down anyone or use disparaging language!
Vaccine injuries are very real, but not all Anti-vaxxers are alike. Some have very legitimate concerns for what goes into the human body.
It is never ok to commit murder for any reason, especially because of race.
I can agree that she probably would be worse off at the healing lodge, but I don't think it is necessary to use hateful or vulgar language!
Consequences should apply no matter what. A life is a life.
Everybody has the right to live, work, and shop without fear.
I actually think this is a good idea because private businesses should be just as responsible as everyone else if they are enabling bullies.
People deserve to feel safe no matter how they identify so long as it does no harm to others, they contribute all the same to society.
I agree with the last post and I'm a female!  However, I don't think the derogatory comment was necessary.
Physical strength isn't limited just to men. Women can weight train just as well as men. But to lump all together holds everyone back
I can't even read what you wrote let along get offended by it.
I agree that if she used her race to gain attention by lieing, that i not ok.She is mentally not ok but calling her a cunt is crossing line.
They are just trying to apply the same rule for each home in accordance to the agreement tenants sign before moving in to the neighborhood.
Exactly, he was just doing his job! She was obviously in the wrong, but no reason to call her names.
Can't decipher your point through all the anti-woman hate talk.
I understand you response, but the choice of words  you use makes no one want to take you serious.
The c-word is not acceptable in civilized discourse because it shows a hateful attitude about women.
c,mon guys. all your intelligent arguments get lost when the only insult you can seem to use dont even descibe what you are talking about?
Use of the words retard and retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this and no one here is making any sense.
i know it was just a quote but could you strike the "r" word for those of who are sensitive? thank man!
The words you use have some negative tones, so please rethink the expressions to say things in a more positive way.
I don't think addressing each other by using derogatory names will advance any kind of understanding.
Please review your words and say them in a way that doesn't express such abhorrence.
It's very hard for me to want to listen to your point of view when you use those words.
I see that you have strong feelings on the matter, but please refrain from the snarky remarks.
These words are disgusting so please rephrase them in a more gentle way.
I don't think regarding others with a derogatory word for a mental disability promotes understanding or intelligent conversation.
Please re-frame your thoughts so they aren't so hateful.
Watch the language. You're toeing a line.
You are generalising based on gender, not all men/women are the same.
Use of the c-word and insults here is not acceptable because it demeans women, and is hurtful and offensive.
This language is misogynistic and disgusting.
I'm sure you're very proud of yourself but there's absolutely no reason to refer to women in that way, whether you like them or not.
The use of that word is derogatory against women and will not be tolerated here due to our no hate speech policy.
I agree that what she did was heinous but there's no reason to potentially offend a bunch of females in your comment.
The use of that word is offensive against women and will not be tolerated here.
You using a person's gender as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are
Provoking discussions are surely more effective without using offensive slurs regarding the handicapped.
Calling someone this term doesn't make your argument better.
Consider the topic of discussion next time before resorting to hurtful slurs regarding the handicapped.
"Retard" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. Don't be that guy
Perhaps examine your use of the word 'retardations', I don't think it's is fitting to the topic discussed.
Better your argument or comment, don't just call someone names.
Perhaps use a term more appropriate next time, this is a slur against handicapped people.
Don't use that word! It's terribly offensive to women.
Do not use vuglar sexual terms when responding.
The c-word is not acceptable because of its offensive and hurtful nature that affects all women.
There's no need to use that word, just say it's "a hair above it".
You should not use vulgar sexual terms when replying to others
The slang of the c-word is just not acceptable in decent conversation even if not meant to be offensive.
Don't ever say that word, it's derogatory to people who are mentally challenged.
Hey dont use a persons disability as an insult to others.
That's a terrible word, and offensive because you're implying women are less capable, which is untrue.
Do not use sexual terms as that when you post on this feed.
The c-words used here are just offensive and hurtful to women in general and this is not acceptable in our discourse.
That's rude towards gay people, and it doesn't even make sense to call a toothpaste that word.
Woah there! Avoid using offensive terms regarding sexual orientation.
The slang is offensive and harmful as it denigrates people with a sexual orientation other than yours.
Let's watch the language. This is a warning.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability, which is in violation of Content Policy and User Agreement.
This language isn't appropriate. Be careful.
This is entirely uncalled for. This is beyond inappropriate.
I understand your frustration and anger. Please try to use different language.
Heyo, so I get that you're saying you could dehumanize us, but I don't think I want to interact on you, since you use slurs. Blocked.
Using the c-word here hurts and demeans women, alienates, and is not acceptable.
I don't know what that word means. If you're not comfortable telling me what it means you shouldn't be using it.
Hey guys, let's be kinder to women and to each other.
Using language like 'cunt' is inappropriate here. We can disagree with each other without being nasty.
Hey, the situation of violence done to males is severe, but it does not warrant derogatory terms being used against women.
Being aggressive and hostile does not get to the heart of your argument. Make a real argument here so that we can address the true issue.
Using the "tw-t" term to refer to women is offensive, unnecessary and should be avoided.
Please use words that are less abrasive and more encouraging.
Calling someone a 'white faggot' shows your own failings.
Please refrain from the distasteful remarks as they are offensive.
I see you are upset, but please express yourself with more friendly words.
I am divorced and not until my kids were teenagers and asked questions did I start telling the truth. Not to hurt him, but to keep trust.
Please show respect for others and use less hostility in your speech.
I perceive that you have some concerns, but please use language that is less combative.
In the US we all get paid overtime after 40hrs, unless you're salary I agree a 1 week vacation for all ft workers would be nice.
Rethink your words please and use utilize ones that are less quarrelsome.
Not a very pleasant title. Still figuring out what it means.
Despite the subreddit, this content is not appropriate. This is your only warning.
It boils down to women are leaving in record numbers now because we're able to live independently which wasn't the case 100 yrs ago.
Stop with the gender based insults and misogyny.
Starship Troopers was a fantastic book and I believe it to be true.
Stop insulting others due to political choices and medical conditions.
Next we need a law where if you're caught over and over lying about these things you go to jail.
There's no need for that language. This is a warning.
I don't understand why a great movie like Star Wars had to be ruined this way.
Your text is considered hate speech because you are attacking the mentally disabled.
College kids are just misguided, we shouldn't judge the entire future generation by a few bad eggs. They're still figuring things out.
The funny part is, most of you guys making fun of students are college students yourselves.
Your use of the r-word undermines the rest of your argument.
Please avoid gender-based attacks on this thread.
Limit your responses to the specific person under discussion and not an entire gender.
He's right, it is offensive to women. Please use the terms suggested/
Don't use words that are damaging to others' reputations please.
Feminists just want to be equal to men. If you are angry about it just be quiet. someone dying their hair pink shouldn't make you angry.
You can express yourself better by using the C word. Not as offensive.
Explain your thoughts in a way that is less contentious please.
People do not choose to be raped. Educate yourself before you make ignorant comments.
You are using trivial words to get your point across. Try using the "big C" instead
I understand you have feelings that are quite emotionally charged, but please use words that are not so sordid.
make your argument without being hateful please
It clearly isn't against the rules here on reddit.
There are many different types of people that believe in Christianity.
It is not appropriate to attack people based on their religious affiliation. Debate their ideals, not their religion.
You should have discussion without hate.
I think the word you meant to use is "stupidity", which is an entirely different thing.
We shouldn't degrade people with disabilities in order to express our disagreement with someone else's actions or thoughts.
More hate speech toward the mentally ill on reddit.  surprise
Men are believed all the time at their word. Which is one of the reasons these women have to speak up; the men have been believed all along.
It is completely inappropriate to degrade women based on their gender, let alone using terms that are degrading to people with disabilities.
The c-word is no longer acceptable in civilized discourse as the term is hurtful towards women.
The use of the word "cunt" in unnecessary and is not acceptable in this forum.
The c-word is not acceptable--it is hurtful and offensive towards women.
The use of the word "cunt" is unnecessary and unacceptable in this forum.
The use of the c-word, no matter how tempting, is in and of itself a derogatory term that is offensive and hurtful to women.
The use of the word "cunt" is unacceptable in this forum, and unnecessary.
The use of the n-word is never acceptable in our discourse, as it shows a hatred toward an entire race.
You using an entire race as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
Using the words "nigger" and "autist" is not acceptable in this forum.
Use of the c-word is not acceptable, even if it feels justified, and this is because it is a hurtful slur against all women.
Using the word "cunt" is not acceptable in this forum.
I hope you realize that your vulgarity is actually hindering your argument.
You need to keep the anger out of you conversation. Talk like adults to one another.
You point is getting lost in all of the vulgar language.  Maybe if you cleaned it up a bit people would listen to you.
Alright. Let's try to keep the conversation adult.
You're putting some very nasty words in their mouth with no evidence.
You both are using language that are minimizing both your intelligence as well as your arguments.  Back off the language, people will listen
There are other words that can be used here. African American for example.
You could have made this argument without the slurs at the end.
Wow man, you had me until the foul language.  Back off on that and we can continue the conversation.
I need to you find a different word that is not so derogatory.
That's a really ugly opinion to have, you shouldn't be proud to have it.
C'mon, back off the language a bit and we can continue to discuss.  You point loses validity though when you drop those words.
We are adults. Try to use adult language to get your point across.
Referring to these women in that way, (even if they are acting entitled) makes people less likely to take your comments seriously.
You two are a hoot. Saying you'd rather die than deal with difficult people because they are women. I hope you solve your issues
I need facts on why you think France contains all communists.. Name calling is a way to avoid giving facts to back up your belief.
Calling people uncivilized and using slurs in the same sentence takes away your credibility
I'm pretty sure if someone attempts (or commits) suicide it doesn't change their sexuality.
Says a lot that instead of making a detailed response all you can come up with is "kys faggot"
In the future please refrain from assuming someone is required to cook for you based on their gender.
Let's not use that term, since it insults women.
Using the slur here to insult hurts and demeans women, alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations.
Whoa there! People will respect your point more if you make it with valid language, instead of resorting to slurs.
Whether the system is flawed or not has nothing to do with the intellectually disabled.
Generalizing an entire race based on one comment makes you the racist one.
Hey, let's not bring the intellectually disabled into the discussion. That's an entirely different set of problems.
Let's not bring the intellectually disabled into this.
Really telling that acknowledge something as a disability, but use it a slur and treat it like a joke
So many ways you could have accurately described this woman, but you just reduced her to a gender and slurred it
While you have strong feelings on the subject, please keep the language clean.
So many ways you could have described your view, but you just showed your lack of intelligence and used your most shocking word available
Please do not single out the mentally retarded. They're not the ones you're taking issue with here.
Interesting that any thread complaining about people who allegedly are bad with women feel the need to use slurs
Please refrain from posting slurs and be instead be articulate with your strong feelings.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and/or sexual orientation in violation of Community Guidelines and TOS.
Personal insults don't help the debate of a topic at all.
You don't know the reasoning why the sign was removed, so to insult someone without them being hear to defend themselves is weak.
You're capable of making your point without belittling someone because they disagree with you.
Neither term is an acceptable term in our country.
Use of the n-word to insult someone is bigoted and has no place in this conversation because it is so offensive.
This nonsense has no place around here.
Trump is the President and we really need to be adults and give him respect as our leader.
The current divisions in our country aren't helped by attacks on each other... clean it up, guys
I agree that a grown woman shouldn't be getting attention from children and knows better. Lock her up!
I don't think we can judge people's intelligence without knowing more...and labels are a bad idea
As a woman I can assure you we don't get equal pay. Every job I had, men in the office made more than us.
Careful with the labels...and I'm sure you'd agree that there are some smart people in all parties
Please stop the derogatory comments and say things with more caution.
Please don't use that term as it is very offensive.
The words you use are combative so please start using discretion.
I'm sure you are able to express your dislike with more positive words.
Please explain your thoughts in a more welcoming manner.
Please don't use disrespectful terms for men, or people with disabilities.
Your words reflect some opposition, but please don't be hateful.
Women deserve more respect than this term conveys.
Please represent yourself in a way that is more objective and less threatening.
There is no reason to use a term which offends disabled people.
This entire thread is just filled with hate and ignorance and people who feel the need to use slurs and put others down to feel good
Suspend or ban any accounts that user foul language or have software that doesn't allow foul language along with monitoring for any sexism.
'fuck off back to the middle east' is an attack on an ethnicity and is not constructive to the conversation.
The level of ignorance it takes to downplay the evil of the KKK is absolutely astounding
Monitor closely for any negative religious references along with banning members who use foul language in the subreddits.
This is an attack on the female gender and a hurtful generalization.
It sounds like you are taking one bad experience with a former lover and automatically labeling all women as evil
Suspend accounts that use foul language and make any references to sexism and stereotypes associated with genders.
Using this language toward another person is hurtful and disrespectful.
You are really making a lot of generalizations about another race and then complaining about racism. Seems pretty ironic
Suspend or issue warnings to any accounts that use excessive foul language and make stereotypes about specific races and cultures.
There is nothing wrong with being intellectually disabled, and it should not be used as an insult. Edit your comment or I report you.
Yeah, using that word dishonors the intellectually disabled. If you're really a marine, you're not doing the country proud.
Hey guys, our representatives are qualified and certainly not unintelligent. Furthermore, being unintelligent isn't a good insult.
To use mental disability to call something stupid only shows how uneducated you are on retardation.
Do not use that sexually vulgar language when responding.
Please do not use offensive language when attacking others
Don't get so angry about it, and leftish isn't synonymous with stupid or wrong by the way.
Do not use someones disability as an insult.
Please avoid using hateful terms when responding to others.
Please refrain from attacking others for their opinions on sensitive subjects such as abortion.
Why call her queer when she probably isn't, and even if she was you shouldn't use that as an insult to her either.
Hey now! Please do not use that vulgar language on this site.
Please refrain from attacking others for their sexual orientation or using sexual orientation as an insult.
There is no reason to use that vulgar language on here.
Please refrain from using offensive and derogatory language
I'd be more open to listening to your perspective if you didn't use that word.
Please remember if criticism is not constructive all your doing is making yourself look simple
what about their behavior makes you define them as such? general statements close of conversation
I understand you have a point to make but it's very hard to take it seriously when you use that word.
devaluing humans with words like that devalue your point
You'd be more persuasive if you used a different word for that group.
Please explain what about them makes them lesser as the term you used implies? no one is lesser
"Re--rd" and "sl-t" are offensive terms that should be avoided here.
Omit gender offensive language.  Refrain from belittling words, especially when describing individuals.   Avoid sexually explicit language.
Avoid gender-offensive word(s).
"Ret---ed," even as used here, may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here.
Remove gender-offensive words.  Omit words that offend the disabled/handicapped.
Avoid indecent word(s) as references for describing individuals.
Avoid language that offends the handicapped and disabled. Avoid words that fuel religious animosity.
Please lose the ableist language in your comment.  It's not helping your argument and it makes the sub look bad.
The hateful ableist language in your comment overshadows the point you're trying to make, and doesn't add to the conversation at all
Please refrain from using the hateful ableist language in your comment.  It really doesn't help your argument or add to the conversation
Using the r-word here hurts and demeans others that are not like you, alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race and/or disability, which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Please lose the hateful ableist and sexist language in these comments.  It does nothing but detract from the conversation you're having
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or sex and gender, which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Clean up your language. It will show your intelligence.
Another sign of this being a toxic community is the flagrant use of slurs. Stop it.
While I appreciate lively political discussion, I don't think the intellectually disabled should be brought into it. Especially with slurs.
Try to keep the derogatory language to a minimum. It's not needed to express yourself clearly.
Hey, let's not bring the intellectually disabled into this. And let's not use the idea of a vagina as an insult, please.
Your language and points that you bring up show a lack of character.
I am not entirely sure how I feel about feminism, but I am sure that we shouldn't use hurtful words or call anyone names.
Try not to use words like "c***" they show a lack of character.
I agree that it is wise to be aware of things and obtain knowledge, but I do not believe the use of harsh names is necessary.
Your language shows a lack of character.
It's sad what some people are driven to do, but I do not believe calling them hurtful names and belittling them is not the answer
Everyone has an opinion and we need to treat each other with dignity and respect without using derogatory terms.
This is definitely a complex issue, but I believe name calling and hurtful speech never solved any disagreement.
If your goal is to have a conversation with people, you shouldn't use this kind of language.
While I support your judgements of hate crimes being wrong, calling people intellectually disabled perpetuates the climate that causes them.
Hey, the reason that disabled people are protected is because they're really vulnerable.
No sense in the degenerate namecalling.
Actually, being disabled is a protective class! In that we are human, and it's morally wrong to hurt us! Or to use us as insults!
Please do a little more research before you come on this website and spew hatred "anonymously"
Hey guys, let's stop stigmatizing the intellectually disabled by using the R word. We want this to be a place we can be proud of.
Please don't use the r-word in your posts. Intellectual disabilities are not rare and that word makes you look less intelligent.
Wow, buddy, you've got a lot of aggression there. Women should be allowed to have whatever attitudes they want towards sex without shaming.
Such hateful and sexist remarks serve no use. These are real people, and real victims. Show some respect.
Your language in this post displays a lack of character.
Hey, women wanting equal rights does not equal Nazism. Also, be kinder to the mentally ill.
Let's act like adults and not resort to hateful name calling.
Assaulting anyone is not only a crime but morally wrong. No one wants to be hit so let's all be kind to each other today.
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs as an insult towards others.
Hillary was found red-handed from what I read trying to steal the election. But Trump also had a few crimes in there too.
Please refrain from using derogatory language when speaking about others.
My son was given a partial and as a woman I didn't know the difference. He hates it now that he's older.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult as well as speaking negatively about an entire gender.
The Prisoner of Azkaban isn't funny at all.
Please refrain from using racial slurs when commenting on this platform.
Yea it's getting to the point of signing a consent to talk to a stranger, and recording ourselves 24/7 in order to be protected.
Please refrain from using racial slurs on this platform.
I don't think calling one of the main character out for being really fucking stupid adds much to your argument.
Using mental disability as the butt of a joke is a low tier accomplishment that middle schoolers achieve regularly
The whole idea of pigeon-holing another massive groups of people under some umbrella of hate is never justified
These slurs are hateful and offensive ways to describe people and lower the discourse.
The whole idea of pigeon-holing another big group of people under some umbrella of hate is never justified
Use of the c-word is not acceptable as it offends women because of its hurtful nature.
Trolls do not need to be fed
This is a very heated topic. But at this point I agree if you come in illegally they have the right to deny asylum.
Please take a moment to read these people's stories and consider their pain.
Using broad, hurtful strokes against groups... any group... hurts individuals
I agree making the Simpsons change is too far. That show has been around forever, leave Homer alone!
I can see that you are hearing people's opinions but you're making an effort not to internalize them.
Generalizations are always dangerous things in any discussion, and hurtful labels never help matters
The poor Simpsons!  I love that show. I don't care it's always a good laugh; humor at it's finest.
This is a pretty extreme conclusion to jump to, especially in support of that idea.
Now that term is just really childish. I mean come on most of us are adults already.
I feel like it makes you more comfortable to assume that women are stupid than that they have concerns.
Hurtful labels hurt good people...and don't help the conversation along
The only way is if nobody tells on you.
You're oversimplifying violence to make a political point.
Hurtful labels hurt lots of good people, remember...and not worth the weak chuckle it might give you
Let's rephrase how you described their logic.
5. That's a slur, stop it. 7. You're not a psychiatrist, stop pretending you get to diagnose people with autism.
That word is derogatory towards women--let's rephrase.
Gendered inflammatory language has nothing to do with this incident
Try saying that again without the slurs.
Please detail why you think gaming journalists have gone downhill, without using any offensive language.
Stop pretending people you disagree with have a mental disability.
Please take caution when using such harsh words and use ones that are more empathetic.
Hurtful labels hurt lots of people, remember
The words you use are damaging to others so please change your inputs.
Hurtful generalizations and labels hurt good people, remember
Please rethink your expressions and use ones that are more approachable.
Sexual slurs don't help any conversation
Please end the demeaning comments and use ones that are more caring.
The slurs don't help any conversation, and would be best left out
Please tell your thoughts without the abominable expressions to the innocent.
The generalizing slurs aren't helping your point...your comment would be a lot better without them
Please refrain from using offensive language.
Using the "c---" term may offend women and so should be avoided.
Please don't use an offensive and derogatory term to xpress your opinion.  This is wrong and has no place in our society.
This forum does not tolerate offensive language.
"Ret---ed" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here.
This is completely unnecessary.  You could have never said a single word about this and saved everyone having to read nonsense.
The use of offensive language is prohibited.
Please do not use this term.  It is harmful and offensive to people with disabilities.
Offensive words are strictly prohibited.
Do not use that term.  It is harmful and offensive to people with disabilities.
Offensive words are prohibited on this website.
Please don't use the r-word in your posts. Intellectual disabilities are not rare and it is offensive.
Name calling leads to nothing but confusion on the actual premise of the comment.
The foul language shows a lack of knowledge as to what the topic is about.
Please do some research next time before you come on here spewing hateful speech.
The foul language used has greatly taken away the point of the discussion.
Things are not retarded people born with a deficiency are.
Using the word retarded is hurtful for people with mental disabilities.
Calling people retards is offensive to people to with mental disabilities.
Yes, because making fun of disabilities is cool...
The only way the word retarded should be used is in definition of someone born with a disability deemed to have retarded their development
Using the word retarded is offensive to people with mental disabilities.
Retarded is used to define things that you can not defend or disparage convincingly
The word retard is used too often when you can't find an appropriate way to fight against something or someone
Using the term retard is offensive to people with actual mental disabilities.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this. So sad that people use that to insult.
This is your grandmother. I still don't know how this reddit thing works, but I am appalled at your language.
Cultural appropriation is a serious issue that steals cultural identity. This comment is just bombastic and no culture is involved.
I gave up dressing up as Strawberry Shortcake only a year ago.
I care about what they don't like. And furthermore, if they are gay, it's their business.
Let's refrain from language like that and listen to the other posters.
I don't agree with the removal. That is part of history regardless of it being negative or positive, it's history.
Hey, kids can find this site. Let's tone down our language.
Forgetting your apartment FOB is not a crime or a reason to die.
She was wrong but if he was actually a criminal she would of stopped a crime in it's tracks. This conversation wouldn't be happening.
You can't remove words from their meanings and history, unfortunately. Fourchan is a stain on humanity.
Even if that was common on another site, that terminology is not encouraged or acceptable to use.
FIFA Pro's should know better and act more mature than that.
Bullying someone into losing an argument is not a laudable action. Nor is using slurs.
It's a woman's place to comment about women's issues.
I got to say I do like how Jordan Petersen doesn't hold back on commenting.
She may not be a very good person but she has been sentenced and will do some time for her role in his death.
Call her anything but the C word, that word is fowl
I hope you realize that word is very offensive to some.
Please be respectful to everyone even when you are upset about something.
Retarded should not be used in this context, it is offensive to those who are truly retarded.  Faggy talk, there is no such thing.
Nobody can focus on your arguments when every other word seemingly is derogatory.
A woman no matter what she did should still be called a woman.
I hate the "c" word.  There are so many other descriptors out there that are not vile or offensive.  Call her a bitch.
I totally get your point, but back off a little on the harsh language.  Your argument becomes diluted by using those words.
Correct, everyone should be treated equally in the eyes of the law, but they should also be treated with respect equally by people.
Your argument was solid and I completely agreed with you.  You shift the focus from your points onto you though when you use words like that
There are so many words better suited to the conversation, my man. "Retarded" doesn't really apply here.
There really is no reason to use the 'r' word like this
Try using a different word if you just mean ignorant.
The 'r' word is offensive and shouldn't be used, even as a joke
Women don't play doctor. They go through the same training and have the same knowledge as male doctors.
If you were a doctor that actively believed in what he was doing, the Hippocratic oath would not be null and void.
There were better words you could have chosen instead of the 'r' word
Using homophobic slurs is no way to get a point across.
The name calling makes people lose sight of who is being discussed.
No use in using hateful language, doesn't add to your argument
The foul language makes the point invalid in others eyes.
Even sarcastically using hate speech only detracts from your argument
Using homophobic slurs doesn't make anyone look intelligent, either.
The name calling shows a lack of vocabulary skills.
Ableist slurs don't make any sense in this conversation.
"D--bag" and "c--t" are offensive and bigoted terms and should not be used in political discourse.
Doesn't make sense to use offensive language to get your point across.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability, which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of 
Service Agreement.
Using ableist slurs isn't adding anything to the conversation.
The "n word"" is demeaning, offensive and so does not belong here.
No reason for that sort of offensive language.
This comment is extremely demeaning to women and not necessary in your post.
my mouth does not belong down there, 9/11 was not a joke
This term shouldn't be used as an insult.  It's offensive towards women
They stand up for every human being.
That term is derogatory towards mentally challenged people and shouldn't be used as an insult
Broadcasting is everyone's right and you can not comment on refugee as Canada is a country made my refugees.
This is a demeaning comment towards the mentally handicapped community and unnecessary on social media
I have said enough and i don't have any hidden motive so let a man go of with some dignity
That term is inflammatory towards women and has no place on social media
There was a reason for this censorship and you can read it all about it on the news.
Having kids are a wonderful way of regenerating life. Everyone needs to mind their own business unless the kids are in harms way
Really, no one has the right to tell someone else how many children they can or can't have.
Violence is never the way to solve an issue
This term can be viewed as misogynist in itself.
Calling women names and saying they aren't physically fit enough to do work in a field environment is incredibly ignorant.
Avoid using the term "cunts" it is considered offensive regardless of the context.
Please refrain from using the word "cunt."  Many find it offensive regardless of the context.
Calling an entire group mentally disabled because they don't agree with your beliefs is beyond ignorant
Please refrain from using the term "retards."  Many find it offensive regardless of the context.
Calling somebody retarded instead of actually attacking their points makes it obvious you don't have any strong response
Ironic to criticize insensitivity and use the term retard in the same sentence
Ableist language is insensitive. Enough so that you will receive an IP ban if you continue to use it.
Sexist language is not accepted here. Keep that in mind in the future if you would like to keep your account active.
This thread mentions equality, but uses slurs and you guys honestly expect to be taken seriously
Using the slurs here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people.
Neither ableist nor sexist language are acceptable here. Both of you have received your warning.
Funny that women being successful scares you to the point of having to use slurs to describe people with different views
Keep the homophobia off this site or face a permanent ban.
Use of the slur here (twat) is offensive toward women in general.
I wouldn't say a person who like sex in public is a sex offender. That is pushing it.
Use of the c-word is not acceptable in civil discourse because it is derogatory towards women.
This was a very good lesson she can take into adulthood with her.
Use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and use of the c-word is not okay.
Stop using gender based and medical conditions as an insult.
She was wrong but at her age she doesn't understand why probably. I blame the parents for the way she was raised.
Use of the c-word is offensive because it is hurtful towards women and is not acceptable in civil discourse.
It is awful that she still wanted to go on this trip after killing her friend.
Use of the n-word is never acceptable in civil discourse, because it has a basis in hate toward an entire race.
Maybe I am old but memes just don't do much for me. I try to use them but it's kind of childish.
You should try to keep the conversation civil.
Using derogatory language about women doesn't help support your argument
You can use other language to describe women you don't like. Try it!
Try Stupid person, or dumb person
I think we should try to voice opinions without using derogatory terms for this person.
Bad choice of insensitive language which is derogatory to women and is definitely not necessary.
I'm not sure all women should be grouped into being the same group as that's sexist, and talk of abuse should not be happening anywhere.
Some of the worst jokes I have heard, referencing roasting women and saying that they treat men like dogs just is not funny.
This makes you seem like you look down on people with mental disabilities instead of looking like a valid opinion.
Trying to make an argument whilst using such offensive language just does not work, cut it out.
Hey! You can state an opinion without using such language. Go ahead and give it try. You'll see it's easy to comment kindly.
Disagree with a person but no violence here.
That's a bit aggressive but I get why you're upset. We should probably take a step back and see the situation from another perspective.
Excuse me, what does her haircut or neck have to do with the topic. Please try to state your comment in a different way.
You're judging a book by a cover. Stop.
You are right; It is often bad to judge a book by it's cover. However, sometimes our natural instinct to do so is correct in it's assumption
Your comment was fine until the last sentence. Totally not necessary.
A body part has nothing to do with this conversation.
Using offensive language doesn't really make you seem intelligent.
I know she is annoying but calling her such would just be an impression of myself, not hers
Suicide is a very real issue. I don't care if it's men or women, we're all human.
Using offensive language isn't contribution.
Disgusting I know but she must had been mentally sick.
Good because I was abused by my ex-husband. The thought of killing my kids to leave never crossed my mind.
Using offensive language doesn't help your case.
It could be but we cannot correct a wrongdoing by another incorrect behavior.
Police should act more respectful and professional.
Cops need to start being more professional, it's out of control.
Maybe you don't like the perspective, but you can express your feelings in a more descriptive way without using hurtful language.
Ableist slurs aren't a great look.
The user pretending to be a bot is just confusing people. That is not a comment from a bot.
I am sure you feel big and strong talking like that but you sound like a bad comedian
Edgy racism is not nearly as funny as you think it is, please grow up.
This is considered violent language. Please refrain from such language.
Well I suppose he won he got $6m. Lets move on.
Yeah definitely no issues of your own to work out. Get therapy.
Only write the first part of your answer, the point is still made
If the c word is left out the sentiment stays the same
Please use language that is respectful toward women and minorities.
The last word is offensive and irrelevant to the point
Please use language that is respectful toward different abilities.
The word is not needed and could be omitted
Replace the word with women or girl and it is not offensive
Mentally challenged people have good hearts more than others without disabilities.
There is no solid proof that Hillary Clinton lead us straight into Iraq and Libya on false pretenses
$20 an hour is not below minimum wage.
Using the word retarded as an insult because you disagree with someone is not acceptable.
Calling someone names in anger never solves any problems.
Making jokes that refer to disabilities are not acceptable or cool.
Using an acronym doesn't mean it doesn't hurt someone
Woman hating, how original... /s
Hurtful terms don't really help the conversation
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that thought.
Hurtful terms don't really move this conversation along
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that kind of point of view. How sad.
Good people in all groups, in my experience. Let's keep the generalizations down, and talk issues
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this. Do better.
"Ret--d(s)" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families.
It is funny because I recall in school being taught girls were smarter. I don't think it really matters either way..
"Re--ded" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families.
"Tw-ts" is a sexist and offensive term and does not have a place in political discourse.
If a woman is weak I don't think she would be going shopping or even need a bra fitting.
"Fa--ot" as used is patently offensive; the term should be avoided.
I wonder if there was a video or police cam on this one. Might be interesting to watch.
Both "tw-ts" and "c--t" used here to refer to women are offensive and should be avoided.
I just heard he got his ex-wife pregnant. Not sure if it's true but then that throws out the never getting married again theory.
We shouldn't make mockery of people's disability please.
Being middle-eastern does not make them terrorists. Please check your racism, bigotry, and mysogynism at the door
Everything is wrong with this, I don't know if I can even try to begin to tell you what you said wrong.
"Cocksuckers" is offensive, and while colorful, does not impart exactly your reason for disparaging this person
"Retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to being disparaging for the differently abled. However, moronic and idiotic have no stigma
To begin with, learn different words for stupid, and second, well I cant even begin on your views of 14 year olds.
To use sexual preference as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
"Faggot" is no longer socially acceptable after having been a disparaging word for a group that's severely persecuted in history
Then maybe Reddit isn't for you.
Attitudes cannot have intellectual developmental delays so your claim is false, sir. Furthermore, the unintelligent find that term offensive
Why do you have to use such a demeaning and derogatory term? You could have expressed your opinion using some other language
Would be easier to respect your opinion without the ableist slur.
Women's parts are not something that should be used as an insult, or commented on. Someone's lack of intelligence also shouldn't be.
Why do you have to use such a derogatory and demeaning term? you could express your opinion with different language.
I see you delight in others's pain. Your mother must be proud of you. Especially with how you refer to women.
Derogatory terms are unnecessary, just be friendly to other people
Sad that you think using derogatory slurs is funny.
Your casual usage of slurs makes me weep for the soul of humanity.
Can't really respect your opinion when you think it's okay to use derogatory language like that.
Please do not use language and phrases that are demeaning to women.
It is never okay to use slurs against other people. You can dislike her all you would like, but don't be rude.
The terms "c--t" and "ret--d" are bigoted terms of ignorance and so do not have a place in intelligent commentary.
Please do not use language that is demeaning to those with disabilties or women.
Making fun of people with disabilities to get your point across is not okay. There's also other words instead of slurs against women to use.
Says a lot about you that you can't just use the proper term
So many words that could have been used instead of just calling them retarded
All of your comments along with feeling the need to call them a cunt is really telling about the type of person you are
This type of rhetoric is derogatory and the point can be made without these words. Please refrain from using such terms.
You need to improve your language.  Derogatory/demeaning terms are not needed to get your point across so please stop using them.
This type of language promotes a culture of hatred. Please take caution in how you refer to others.
This language is unnecessary.  You could have passed on over this post and never even used the language that you did.
This type of rhetoric is derogatory. Please be respectful towards all groups and persons.
those words are not acceptable and need to be removed
Using the c-word and calling people whores is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
Its he said vs she said so you shouldn't just flat out insult these women. Two sides to every story.
your point is still made without the language
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with disabilities.
Well the great thing about a TV show is that you can turn it off. No biggie.
using that word makes your point less powerful
Calm down friend its just bad reporting.
that language is not accepted and needs to be changed
Times do look crazy at the moment but don't add to it.
Using retarded as an insult is hateful to many people and unacceptable for use here.
You're not really doing yourself any favor using the word "faggot". It just makes you look ignorant.
The insult faggots regarding the LGBTQ community is hateful and unacceptable on this forum
The thing you disagree with her about has nothing to do with her being a female.
Similarities aside saying a violent fascist group is the same as a group calling itself anitfa for "anti fascist" is just wrong.
Using retarded as an insult is unacceptable hate speech, do not use it.
It is hurtful to use slurs that are derogatory of people with other sexual orientations than your own.
This a downright offensive slur that demeans all woman and this should be obvious to you.
This is a slur that is cheap and offensive and lowers the discourse.
Don't put down people for their political choices or medical conditions.
You did not have to use such a derogatory term to describe this person.  That was uncalled for
Please refrain from making personal attacks on others wether or not you agree with their actions.
Using ableist slurs don't make you seem very intelligent.
I feel bad for the elderly. Especially those without family to help them.
You may have a valid point but using derogatory words for females will cause it to be dismissed.
Offensive language doesn't really belong in any intelligent conversation.
Not really. I have a 4 year degree and I cannot find work. Either they say I'm overqualified or they just don't hire me.
Hard to take you seriously when you use ableist language.
YouTube changed the copyright policies and everybody lost money including them.
Using offensive slurs don't really add to the conversation.
Poor guy was assaulted for doing the moral thing; terrible.
Ableist slurs have no place in any logical argument.
Judging someone by their belief system only makes the situation worse as everyone is entitled to their own opinion.
Using homophobic slurs isn't helping prove any point.
Everyone is different in their own unique ways.
Please refrain from using terms that have a derogatory connotation regarding sexual orientation.
Using homophobic slurs is pointless and adds nothing to the conversation.
You should try to watch other films if this one only brings hate out of you.
Offensive language has no place in any logical argument.
She has a name.
Please refrain from using terms that have a derogatory connotation regarding gender.
Forgiveness is what God wants us to do and not only for the other person, but for yourself. Be free from the hate.
Your opinion is hard to take seriously when it's laced with ableist slurs.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this. You seem like an irrationally angry person.
It seems many shows and cartoons have Trump in them before his current position was even heard of.
Using misogynistic language doesn't help get your point across.
You seem obsessed with women
Using ableist slurs doesn't really help any point you're trying to make.
Abuse comes in many forms and it doesn't matter if you're a man or woman.
There's really no reason to be using misogynistic slurs in any commentary.
I'd love to hear what your mom thinks of that
I don't think anyone can make a claim like this without strong data to back it up.
This statement is not backed up by science.
Accusing anyone of rape falsely is terrible and punishable, but not 32 years worth. Murders get less than that.
Hey, poor white people don't deserve to be criticized without warrant. They have enough problems.
Paying our taxes and serving our country are two different things, but both honorable duties as an American.
It sounds like you're the bitter one to me. And please don't use hate speech.
The use of name calling in no way describes any of the actual events being talked about.
Stop using gender based insults and promoting violence.
Use of the c-word and violent language here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans women.
Name calling does not show the characteristics of a person.
All of the foul language and name calling has no effect on trying to get the point heard by others.
Stop using medical conditions and sexual choices as insults.
Use of the slur here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates homosexuals.
Calling someone names doesn't give a good impression of them only an impression of the user of the name calling.
Stop using sexual and political choices as insults.
Use of the slurs here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates homosexuals (even if you are bisexual).
It is hard to read posts with so much foul language because the point of the conversation gets lost amongst it.
Imagined being so bad at life that seeing people being beaten is the highlight of your day.
stop gender based insults.
Right, whatever you need to tell your brain to convince yourself that women can never be right.
If you feel strongly about an issue put your efforts into solving the problem, could help solve it. Name calling won't accomplish anything.
Please refrain from the ableist language in your comments.  It's not helping your argument or adding anything to the debate in this thread
I agree with the need to keep the mural. But the language you are using makes you just seem ignorant and anti-woman.
Maybe you could put together another means of paying respects to these men instead of spending your time to bad mouth her.
Using sexist language in your comment isn't benefiting your argument, and it's not adding anything productive to the sub's conversation
I agree it's stupid but I think we can do better than using a word that disparages the differently abled.
I think ridiculous would be a better description.
The ableist language you're using in your comment is not adding anything remotely productive to the thread.  Please refrain in the future
I think the term alt-right is vague and I can see how the journalist classified you as such, and also why you would think you're different.
I think you could find better ways to say you don't agree.
Please refrain from using the ableist language you've used in your comment.  It adds nothing to your argument or the conversation
I agree people need to be civil when dealing with the police
Not sure what anyone is hoping to accomplish with the disrespectful comments. Seems there are a lot better ways to get your point across.
Using the ableist language you've included in your comment is not adding to the debate in the thread in any way.
You can express your opinion without using offensive language.
Please express your opinion without using offensive language.
Please do not use that terms.  It is offensive and harmful to people with disabilities.
Do not use language that is hateful and completely disparages an entire group of people.
Do not use language that offends half of our population to make your point.
Using retarded as an insult is hateful to many people with mental delays and should not be used here.
Making generalizations about members of the LGBTQ community and using faggot as an insult is hate speech and must stop.
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs when speaking about others, especially the LGTB community itself.
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs when referring to others.
Perhaps reconsider using the word 'faggot' next time.
Such slurs have no place in our conversation because this denigrates homosexuals.
Reconsider offensive language to make a more articulate point.
Please do not use mental illnesses as an insult
Consider why certain words here could be deemed offensive, I'm certain that was not the aim of your point.
Please do not use offensive and derogatory language in comments.
Considered whether offensive and accusatory language is really appropriate here.
Use of the c-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women..
Please refrain from using offensive and derogatory language in comments
I'm not sure a hateful slur was really necessary to make this point.
Stop with the gender bashing and medical condition insults.
Offensive language is not necessarily in this discussion.  Each of you have opinions that can be expressed without using these terms.
Violent language against people with disabilities does nothing to further your argument, it just makes you sound ignorant.
They shouldn't of gotten rid of Chuck in the first place. No way anyone can do better than he did.
Spitting on anyone is just so disrespectful. But I don't think it should be a reason to fire someone.
Using language that is violent towards people with disabilities does nothing for your argument, it just makes you sound ignorant.
Nobody needs to be hit. The lady should of acted like an adult and been respectful of others. We are losing this in the USA.
Your homophobia is showing.
This language is violent and unnecessary. Using slurs does nothing for your argument except make you seem ignorant.
Mad max can be far right and still have his own desires behind closed doors.
Is that any way to talk to a stranger, user? Keep that kind of language on 4chan
Please, we are both fortunate enough to be able to pay for dinner, lets move on.
There's no need to use ableist language. You made your point clear without it. This is your warning before earning a suspension.
It is a good perspective on how woman feel, regardless of who they are or what they suffer with.
Here's a reminder for you--don't use hate speech in your posts if you want to keep your account active.
"Re---ds" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families.
That term has been offensive for years, pretending you don't know that won't protect you from an IP ban if you continue using it.
It is considered morally incorrect to refer to mentally retarded people in that way, so I would prefer that we didn't.
Hard to understand what you're trying to say when you use nothing but offensive language.
You know that less people will pay attention to you when you use language like that.
You point is valid, but you lose some credibility when you use language like that.
Homosexuality should have nothing to do with this argument.
Using offensive slurs like that makes it hard to take anyone seriously.
You all are making valid points to some degree, but its getting lost in all of the vulgarity.
You're not strengthening your argument by using slurs, you just look angry.
Following the law isn't about upholding old cultural norms. It's about respect. For everyone.
It's not a good look to use that kind of language just to insult a reviewer you don't like.
Instead of Jason and his journalism, others out there are serving us bettter.
You're kind of making her point for her by acting like this.
Sounds like you are a bit jealous.  Sounds like you could do with a bit of attention.
Any little blue pill popping man will make even the prettiest girl act up.
Using misogynistic slurs makes it hard to take anything you have to say seriously.
Please do not respond to other users using sexually vulgar language
It's hard to take you seriously when you use derogatory language like that.
Please do not use vulgar language when posting on here.
This kind of language does not help support your argument or any argument for that matter
Hey now you can get your point across with out using that sexually vulgar language.
Cultural appropriation, despite the beliefs here, is a thing. Whether it's bad is up for debate, but I know slurs are. Stop it.
Wow you used plenty of hateful, nonsensical speech just now.
I agree that everyone is entitled to their opinion, but I do not believe that using hateful language is a good way to get a point across.
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and so are all other insults here.
Your post is filled with hate and displays a lack of education/character.
Regardless if a woman is blameless I don't think that hurtful and vulgar language is an appropriate response.
Use of the c-word is hurtful, spiteful and completely unacceptable as it is derogatory against women.
Please don't use the r-word in your posts. It is offensive to the millions of people with intellectual disabilities and their families.
I think asking questions is a great way to gain knowledge, but using improper english is not always the most tactful thing.
While I can understand the angst in this post, I do not agree that hateful language is not a good way to make a statement.
Although it may have been deserved, I don't think name-calling or using hurtful words is very productive.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable in decent discourse as it denigrates women.
Good thing for the body cam.
Name calling only shows the characteristics of the person doing it.
Calling her that will not make you feel better about yourself.
Anyone calling a baby or child "it" is a mean person.
Attempting to read something with so much foul language and find the point of view is nearly impossible.
It really shouldn't bother you so much if a he does turn into a she, says more about you than them.
Honestly, it seems like that is what the world is coming to. Signing a consent just to say hi.
Name calling in no way shows the characteristics of that person but it speaks volumes about the one doing the name calling.
I seriously doubt that this person is mentally diminished.
Now port authority and cops are arguing, great.
The use of foul language shows a lack of actual information.
Im pretty sure your mother would not share the same views as you on this matter.
California Net Neutrality Bill was a very big step in censorship.
Using the foul language and suggestions of certain behavoirs makes the point of conversation disappear.
You disagree with feminism because the power structure plays to your interests. That does not mean it's inherently unintelligent.
No news editor should ever say diversity isn't strength. Our entire country is built on diversity.
Last I checked, this isn't r/australia, so stop throwing that word around.
I could never tell my grandmother she couldn't say anything.
Refrain from using offensive comments regarding sexual terms.
Men know what consent is. They also understand when they're using slurs towards intellectual disability. You know what you're doing. Stop it
Men know when a woman is consenting or not. That is just a way to get out of trouble.
Please dont use a persons disability as a term for an insult.
Thank you for broadcasting to everyone here that you have abusive tendencies. I hope 50 years from now, your grandkids find this post.
The problem you're talking about isn't a problem. It is the result of being together a long time and what marriage is built on.
Avoid using offensive terms regarding females in your response.
Maybe you would have more cordial relations with women if you didn't refer to them using slurs.
No man should ever leave a woman in harms way of an assault. I don't care how rich or poor she is, or arrogant.
Woah, watch your language when responding to posts. Do not use cultural or sexual orientation as an insult to others.
Keeping the discussion on topic will make for a better conversation. The topic is the British Army and there is not need for slander.
Using the slurs and hate here to insult hurts and demeans wpomen and is not acceptable in our conversations.
Just because I think different from you, it does´s mean you have to say those things
What the woman did was awful, but an entire race can't be generalized by one's actions.
Using the c-word here to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations.
That´s your point of view, relax
Maybe you are right, but I don´t think that is the whole true
Only 3% of rape/sexual assault cases are fabricated and the real investigation needs to be what happened to this woman to make her lie
Using the c-word here to insult hurts and demeans and is not acceptable in our conversations.
You don´t know the reality of every people. No one can affirm anything
Stop using that gender bashing term.
That language is completely unnecessary and should not be used to express your opinion
Don't use a medical condition to insult others.
Please do not use that term, it is offensive to people with disabilities and has no place in daily conversation
Please don't use a medical condition as an insult.
Please do not use that term, it is derogatory and offensive to people with actual disabilities and has no place being used in conversation.
Using the c-word and slur here hurts and demeans women, alienates, and is not acceptable.
Why would you want to use such fowl language to comment on something that has nothing to do with your life?
Stop using gender bashing and racist words.
Using the slurs here hurts and demeans people other than you, alienates, and is not acceptable.
Yeah this is definitely going on r/AsABlackMan...
That word was used as a derogatory term for slaves and has no place in society today, regardless of what color your skin is, it should never
Please do not use that word as an insult to someone, that is unfair to the people that have disabilities
Avoid using a mental disabilities as insults to others.
Please use language that is respectful of the differently abled.
You used a word that is hate speech toward people with disabilities and that will not be tolerated here.
Please avoid using inappropriate language when responding to original posts.
That word is offensive toward the LGBT community and will not be tolerated here.
Hey there! Do not use vulgar sexual terms in your posts.
The use of that word is derogatory toward women and will not be tolerated.
There is no place for that type of vulgar language. Refrain from using sexual terms on your posts.
I understand the anger, especially if she is an animal abuser, but the use of hate speech (including toward women) is not tolerated.
Yeah she's going to prison, but let's keep it clean and take the higher road with our language here.
This type of rhetoric is derogatory towards targeted groups and the point can be made without these words.
Cut the language, this is why people who identify as feminists have an issue with people pushing back against their ideas
It might be outlandish but let's keep the conversation civil. We're all entitled to our opinions.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this. That's low.
I'm so tired of that word. Everyone has abilities and inabilities. Some men are louder to make up for other limits. We don't announce it!!
These derogatory terms, such as "retard" and "arseface" are very uncalled for. Please watch your language.
Use more gender appropriation, avoid slang and deragotory gender pronouns and descriptors.  Avoid harsh and aggressive adjectives and slang.
I hope you don't have a daughter. Or if you do that their partner doesn't have the intellectual disabilities of someone using that "R" word.
Feminists are just human beings fighting for their human rights. Please refrain from using the term in a negative context.
Avoid using term 'feminists', it can aggrevate certain populations.
Save this, print it & a few years from now when you have a wife, read it,& if you have a baby girl. Chew your words before you spit them out
Women are not objects, so you should not refer to them as such, especially when talking about intercourse.
Avoid sexually explicit language.  Refrain from deragatory/slang pronouns to identify gender.
Ummm, I'm sure this is offensive but some letters are missing.. I NEED THOSE MISSING LETTERS!!!!!
"Bint" is a very hurtful derogatory term that should not be used to describe women. That was uncalled for.
The title gave me high hopes for an intelligent debate sans the "F" bomb. But here you guys are and all that hope has vanished. Thanks
"Retard" is a derogatory term and is an insult to mentally ill people. You should not be using that word with a negative connotation.
Avoid deragatory language.  Refrain from curse words when describing individuals.  Omit offensive language towards handicap.
The concern here is that real women are getting hurt, this isn't a rhetorical exercise.
I don't think that you had any purpose to saying this except to insult people.
Considering the history of harm against gay people, you should think twice before using this as a joke.
If you want to be taken seriously in this argument you shouldn't continue to use your reflexive insults.
Stop picking on political choices and bashing people for their gender.
Unfortunately, these are two groups of people who are subject to violence fairly regularly, so they might not be just overreacting.
He was just asking a question, and admitted he was new to the series. Relax.
You sound incredibly rude. We all agree the story is horrible, just leave it at that.
I totally agree with your sentiment, but the language is a bit hateful and unnecessary.
Wow hateful
Using the slurs here hurts and demeans women, alienates, and is not acceptable.
I think it is more of a mental disorder to constantly cut others' down to prove your point.
Even though she did something horrible we don't need to lower ourselves a level by calling her names.
It is not a good idea to use the word retarded to describe people with different views if you want to be taken seriously.
We should respect people with mental disabilities and not use derogatory terms to describe other things.
Hard to respect anything you have to say when you think it's okay to use ableist slurs.
Talking about women this way may be why you are having trouble connecting with them.
You might've had a good point, but you ruined it with the ableism.
Regarding human connection this cynically is not going to help you to be happy in life.
One of you is wrong and one of you is right and both of you need to stop using offensive language towards women.
Using offensive language doesn't really help get any sort of point through.
These comments are clearly made only to upset people and you should take a look at people having a healthy conversation around you.
What a heinous and disgusting thing to say. I hope one day you grow up and learn to have shame.
Using misogynistic language isn't really helping anyone respect your opinion.
If you are worried about protecting girls you shouldn't be using sexist language.
There's no reason to use language like that just because you're upset. Think about all the women you're offending.
Using homophobic slurs isn't adding to the discussion.
It might be best to consider why these ideologies are received negatively instead of feeling victimized.
It makes no sense to use a term that is so highly offensive in this context. Reddit has a diverse user base and is not full of homosexuals.
Things are far less engaging when taunts, trolling, and insults shade the actual discussion.
People that have autism don't choose to have it, and you should choose respect for people, choose your words wisely
Please do not use mental illness as an insult when referring to others
Please refrain from using offensive and derogatory language when referring to others.
They don't deserve ridicule, they need support
Please refrain from using offensive and derogatory language in comments.
There is not a reason in the universe for genocide. These people cannot help they were born and live where they do.
Please refrain from advocating genocide and using derogatory language as well as mental illnesses as insults.
this language doesn't support anyone's argument, bad people are bad people but not all women are involved here
What does this language add to anyone's argument, stereotyping doesn't belong here
even if you don't agree with it, using that kind of language and hate speech just perpetuates it and doesn't help your argument
how does this contribute to any argument, it's unnecessary hate speech
Let's avoid this kind of language.
Defining someone by their gender and sexuality shows your narrow mindedness as people act out of their perceived norms all the time
Why do you have to use such offensive language to express your opinion? Those words should never be used to describe another person
I realize you're quoting...somebody, but be careful.
Let's try to avoid this kind of language in the future. I understand you're quoting a movie, but this is offensive.
Please don't use offensive and derogatory terms to express your opinion about something this trivial.
I don't think there is a rape culture, but I value your arguments. The only issue is using mental illness to describe this generation.
Putting others down and using foul language makes others not take the comments seriously.
Ohhh no! Skunk spray is just the worst!
Calling someone names shows how little of a person they truly are.
That is true in the old days democrats were much more conservative. Times have really changed for that party.
Calling someone such a despicable name shows the world your lack of intelligence.
I am still wondering where this term even came from.
With all the name calling it is easy for someone to lose sight of whatever point the commenter was attempting to make.
More moderators to monitor misogyny and a button that the harassed can use to  keep users who have harassed them from commenting to them.
Most women are perfectly wonderful, don't generalize your feelings to all of them
Moderators can discourage useless comments that don't add anything to the conversation.
Please avoid the attacks on innocent people with disabilities.
"Re---d" used here offends the mentally disabled and their families
Please eliminate the talk that is charged with hateful comments.
"Fa--ot" as used here causes offense to many and does not belong in intelligent commentary.
Please avoid giving remarks that are extremely derogatory to others.
"Ret--ded" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families.
Please take out the talk that is so hostile to others.
"B--ch" and "c--t" are hateful terms and detract from intelligent discourse. They should be avoided.
Please avoid striking at people with the hateful talk.
Use of that word shows that you are just as bad as these people you claim are so bad.
Feminists is an acceptable term but probably using cunt is too much.
While I agree, should we consider we would get a lot more agreement without the c words?
I don't understand what the gay community has to do with your disagreement with this person.
we can have a mature discussion without calling names. let us all be adults here.
We might get further intellectually if we get gone with the name calling. Worth a try?
This is exactly the problem. That word is highly offensive to many females. There's just no need.
we can have different opinion but we can state that without being too emotional
We were doing well until the lazy **** though/ I know it was meant conversationally, but it really takes away from all. Make sense?
When talking about people and their gender/sexuality, it is inappropriate to use such terms.
To answer the question of this thread--yes, it is offensive in this use. Now that you've been warned further use could lead to suspension
Calling someone names is a sign of ignorance.
It is uncalled for to use those words to describe a woman.
Using sexist language is not acceptable. Try actually contributing something next time. Such hate speech will just lead to suspensions.
Do not use those words to describe people, it is uncalled for.
Misrepresenting an article won't lead to a ban, but using sexist language can. Next time, don't risk it and keep such language off the site.
You are making far too many generalizations with no evidence to back up your claims.
This is offensive to women.
There's a lot to unpack here, but the gist of it is this--using sexist language will lead to a ban in the future.
Women aren't foreign creatures, they are human, same as you.
If you can't express your feelings without using sexist language, find another outlet. It won't be accepted on this site.
She may be evil, but using language like that takes away from your statement.
The word you used to describe the subject is offensive and unnecessary
Cease the painful comments to others who are innocent.
Using degratory words such as f****t bring down an entire group of people based on something you deem "different". It is not your place.
The insult you used intends to hurt a specific group of people and is hateful
Tell me how you feel, but leave out the damaging remarks.
Automatically dismissing women's opinions is extremly inapropriate. You are taking down half of the population because you do not understand
Let me hear your feelings without the degrading speech.
Just call it a dumb point.
I don't know that I'd go quite that far, but yes it was a silly thing of them to say.
Please do not use that vulgar term when describing others.
Just gotta change one word to "stupid"
I don't think it's necessarily good to classify people like that. But I understand the point.
Do not use a disability as an insult to others.
Automod was dumb, still don't have to go full offensive.
I think it might be a bit wrong to refer to a nationality like that.
Woah! There is no place for that language here. Do not use those terms again.
All you have to say is stupid, that is literally it.
I don't think that is a good thing to call them.
Please avoid using that term regarding a mental disability
Using the word 'twat' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Use of the slur used here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates women.
Ableist language is not accepted here. Keep it up and you will lose your account.
The thing is with lawsuits is that the victims never really get enough of the money. It is wasted on lawyers and specialists.
Everything you have said is somewhat acceptable, other than using the r word for no reason.
I see that you were quoting someone, but in the future please don't repeat ableist language so we can keep it off the site. Thank you.
Both sides are out of control. Just like with racism, there is no reason anymore in 2019 to have such a divide!
You're doing a good enough job making yourself look bad using language like that. Keep sexist language off the site or be banned.
Men have a right to stick up for themselves, but honestly both genders need to just stop and get along again.
So rude without any reason! Let's move forward with some more positive dialogue.
Racism/homophobia are unacceptable. Continue to use the language or perpetuate the stereotypes seen in this thread and you'll be permabanned
Eating dogs might be acceptable in other countries, but in America that isn't something we do openly.
This is a dumb joke and this entire thread should stop.
I wouldn't drag people with disabilities like that. Do better.
"The more name calling I use, the more right I am" -You
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or sexual orientation in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
To use sexuality an of insult is only showing of your lack of creativity.
What people are asking of you is extremely minor and would require so much less effort than making this argument.
1. inadequate expression :"shit track"
2. inadequate expression:"screaming faggot"
These are harmful stereotypes but honestly, you are just making them sound cool.
1. inadequate expression :"dyke rage"
It isn't funny or edgy to behave this way, you sound terribly immature.
1. inadequate expression : "some retards"
3. inadequate expression: "stop oppressing me faggot !"
5. inadequate expression: "to choke you"
Hey, I wish you wouldn't mock people with mental illnesses.
2. inadequate word and expression: "Dumbass. Retarded fucking dumbass."
4. inadequate expression: "Dimwit. Retarded fucking"
Objective sources will clear this up for you a lot better than arguing with strangers will.
1. inadequate expression:"but racist taddle tales do"
2. inadequate expression: "the black chick"
3. inadequate expression: "kid retarded"
Just because you dont agree with what they are saying its not okay to call them such.
It's possible to have a conversation without resorting to slurs.
You'd get your point across in a more effective manner if you didn't use those words.
That term was not needed for describing someone, try to be original.
Let's calm down on the slurs.
Just because you dont agree with it you dont have to call her that.
Heeeyy...you can find something else a little better to say than that word!
That's offensive to those who are mentally handicapped.
Using foul language takes away from the point that one is trying to make.
People sometimes get lower paying jobs while going to school or in-between higher paying jobs, everyone deserves to have food on the table.
Use of the word moron and retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Name calling does not describe a location.
You're throwing a really wide net to say the entire fourth largest continent in the world is a hell hole for people who are men.
The name calling and foul language does nothing but take away from your point.
There are women who are capable of loving someone, just as there are men.  On the other hand, there are people who are incapable of feeling.
Use of the c-word is offensive and derogatory towards women.
Name calling is not a good way of describing someone.
The use of the c-word sullies the discussion here; use of this word is derogatory towards all women and not acceptable.
Hate speech isn't very attractive!  I think we can find more positive ways and words of expressing ourselves!
Attacking people based on race is unacceptable hate speech (even if done jokingly). Please debate with ideas, not insults.
While I completely agree with the statement, I feel the message could be received better if we used better language!
Please do not use slurs based on disabilities (e..g, the "r" word). Your argument should be able to stand without it.
Understand both sides of the argument, but I believe that name-calling and belittling someone is not the best way to get your point across.
Using slurs based on mental health (the "r" word) is considered hate speech. Please make your arguments without using on them.
Sad that you think using ableist slurs is funny.
Please refrain from referring to one's national origin
Attacking someone by using ableist slurs is no way to have an argument.
Hard to take you seriously when you think ableist slurs are actually adding to the conversation.
The name calling is unnecessary.  If you are unable to have a civil discussion without name calling then you should not be on this thread
Please knock off the name calling.  You can express your opinion without using derogatory remarks that are incredibly offensive.
Just because he watched the show does not make him a retard or a hillbilly
You still should not put videos online without the agreement of others in the video
Using the language "Stupid cunt" is an attack on women, and you should not continue to say this.
Knock it off with the offensive insults.  Just because you disagree with someone does not mean you resort to this kind of language.
More appropriate words to use are "mentally handicapped" and "homosexual"
Please refrain from using language classified as hate speech in your posts, including homophobic, misogynistic, or ableist insults.
Just because you don't understand someones sexual orientation gives you no right to insult them in the manner that you have.
More appropriate words to use are "homosexuals" and do not use the word 'degenerates'
Please refrain from using language that could be classified as hate speech, in this case homophobic insults. It adds nothing to the convo
Your language is unnecessary.  You could have gotten your point across without using harmful and offensive language.
a more appropriate word to use is 'technohomosexuals''
Please refrain from using hateful and homophobic language in your comments.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation.
Why do you have to resort to using derogatory terms to make a statement.  Just because you disagree does not permit you to use this language
the word 'homosexual' is more appropriate to use but shouldn't be used either in this case.
Let's refrain from using hateful speech, in this case misogynistic and homophobic insults.  It adds nothing to the conversation of the sub.
It would be best to illustrate your point without disparaging the differently abled.
While I understand you guys are frustrated, these words are hurtful to people that aren't your intended target.
"Ret--d" and its variants offend many and must be avoided here.
I agree with your sentiment but I believe it could be better explained without the use of disparaging language.
I was with you until the end. You may be taken more seriously if you took the high road in terms of the language that you use.
You made a very well-reasoned argument up until your unnecessarily sexist last sentence, then you lost me.
I get what you are trying to say but the way that you phrase it does not support your response as being credible.
Must we add insult to injury in regard to mentally and physically challenged folks by comparing them to Trump?
"Ret---ed"  as used here is patently offensive; it should be avoided.
Hey, this conversation has nothing to do with handicapped people.
People sometimes will interpret things in a way you don't like. Don't cry 'unintelligent' when it could just be a difference in opinion.
"C--t" and "re--rd" are offensive and hateful terms; please avoid using them in this forum.
You're trying to confirm your own biases and being unnecessarily harsh because of it.
It's better to assume ignorance than malice, true, but it's also better not to use slurs to refer to ignorance. See it as a teaching moment.
"Ret--d" used here unfairly targets the mentally disabled and their families.
I wish you could meet the people that you hurt with this kind of langugae.
I doubt that blogger is as unintelligent as you say- not that it's a bad thing to be intellectually disabled, of course.
The "n word," since it offends many, has no place in intelligent commentary when used by any person of any race.
Even if this story is true, you went in with really racist assumptions.
I think you are misrepresenting black people. Please don't refer to them with that term.
Using foul language doesn't make your point more valid it simply makes you seem as if you have a lack of a vocabulary.
Do you have to refer to them in offensive language?
do you even understand what you're saying
Simply using foul language and stating that something is unlikeable is not enough to get people to listen to your points.
do you have to say retarded?
It's like that homosexual slur is the only word you know! You should definitely expand your vocabulary!
Please do not use the word faggot
Using the slur here to insult is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates homosexuals.
Not cool to make fun of a medical condition.
Making fun of a serious disease like is done here is offensive and hurtful to decent people everywhere.
I can't believe several posters are on here admitting they looked at illegal content. The hateful slurs used in your posts don't help.
Derogatory remarks are uncalled for
The insults levied here are all highly offensive to groups of people and as such this type of hurtful speech has no place here.
This is a fascinating look into your culture, the self depreciating slurs are not at all necessary, though.
RAcial stereotypes are ignorant
Mocking someone's fear isn't col. Neither is the name calling.
Misogynist text is ignorant
Murder is never the answer to a difference in opinion. This has gotten out of hand.
This comment is ridiculously offensive to many groups of people, especially lesbians. It is just unnecessary.
Just because someone likes someone of the same sex doesn't mean you're a bad person.
There is no way to stop recognizing how we're created. Yes a man holds sperm, a woman holds the egg, together equals a child.
The mocking tone and the use of retarded are both rude and offensive.
Just because someone has a different opinion than you does not mean they are dumb.
So I really don't see the issue between anime and fascism.
Just because you don't agree with what an author writes does not mean the author is "a retard." Much better words can be used.
Just because someone has a different opinion doesn't mean yours is better.
It is not sexist to hold women accountable, but the argument is ignored by the industry because it's not valid.
Being feminist does not make someone an idiot. Not all feminists play "victim" and telling them to shove it up their twat is so vulgar.
Use of slang words as done here to insult are offensive as they derogate women and therefore not acceptable in civil discourse.
Using "Tw--s" pejoratively here is offensive and should be avoided.
Name calling does not make your point more valid.
Using the "c---" term and insulting the aged are both offensive, unnecessary and should be avoided.
Just because you don't like someone doesn't mean calling them names will solve the problem.
Use of the various words here to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people.
Using "ret---ed," "fag--t," "tw-t," and/or "cu-t" are offensive, unnecessary and should be avoided in this forum.
Using foul language and name calling does nothing to validate your point, it only creates arguments.
Using such foul language makes others want to ignore your comments.
Your insult game is mad whack.
Using foul language and talking down on others only starts arguments it doesn't make your point of view heard.
Using foul language only shows that you either didn't grasp the article or you have a lack of a vocabulary.
The opinions in this article seem to go unheard from the use of foul language.
"Ret--dedness" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that viewpoint.
Both using the "c---" term, and misogynistic hatred directed at women, are offensive, unnecessary and should be avoided in this forum.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. You don't seem like the most rational person.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is boring, yet offensive--it should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
It makes me not want to read anymore of what you write when you use a word like that.
opinions can be expressed without slander.
Your argument would be more effective if you could explain yourself without using that word.
point can be made without derogatory.
The pejorative uses of "c--t" here is hateful and detracts from intelligent discourse. It should be avoided.
slandering individuals is only creating bigger issues.
Using "ret---ded" to mean low intelligence may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here
I understand you are man, but using words like those makes it hard for me to commiserate.
agreeing to disagree is whats best when conversations begin to escalate.
Avoid using vulgar names when responding.
Writing a comment consisting of nothing but a derogatory slur isn't really adding anything to the discussion.
That is a poor choice of words, pick something better
Calm down and rethink the terms you use when posting.
Using offensive slurs thinking that they add to the conversation in any way makes you seem ignorant.
Lift your conversation out of the gutter, you can do better.
Hey now dont use ugly language involving genitalia when voicing your opinions.
Using derogatory language like that defeats the purpose of your argument.
Steer clear from using hateful name calling when responding to others.
Using derogatory language isn't any way to get your point across in an argument.
You have been flagged for using hate terms, choose your words more carefully.
Just cause she's a lady it doesn't mean you should call her a cunt.
Stop with the racist and medical condition insults.
Please do not use language that perpetuates racist stereotypes.
User 9, why are you so angry about this, it isn't that big of a deal. Chill out man.
Even if she did abuse her mother, you don't need to call her a cunt. That's a bit much.
You don't have to call someone retarded. Didn't your mother ever teach you that if you don't have anything nice to say don't say nothing.
It might not seem that deep, but a lot of people do use video games to express internal bias. It's not right.
its inappropriate to use words like cunt and retarded as they directly attack people based on their gender or mental illness respectively
To use gender and religion as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
You should respect people's religious beliefs and cultural experience.
You should have respect for women, especially those who experience violence.
Using mentally challenged individuals as a means of calling someone stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
None of you sound smart. Police brutality is a serious issue, and you should try engaging with it in a more understanding way.
Its inappropriate to use words (retard and cunt)that directly attack people based on their gender or mental illness.
using one statement to make people upset.
They are ableist as well as racist, since that slur paints the intellectually disabled in a bad light.
Hey guys please do not use someones disability as an insult.
Don't taunt others when they're down. Especially not with slurs.
Woah, there is no reason to use that type of vulgar term.
I see racism will get you banned, but not sexism, apparently. That slur is sexist.
Avoid using those vulgar terms when posting in response to others.
If you want to be listened to, and for your points to be valued, I suggest not using slurs.
There is no reason to use hateful terms regarding sexual orientation in these posts.
We need both the right and the left to work together to get the government and country going again and keep the country functional.
You can make the same argument and points without using this speech. It will make your post more enjoyable and readable
Females generally don't get passes just because they're female.
Simply find better words. This will likely result in you getting more upvotes and karma on Reddit. No one wants downvotes.
More moderators on this subreddit to cut down on misogyny
This does not tell us anything. Say this in a kinder way AND tell us WHY you think this so it can be discussed further.
Disable the chatbox from typing offensive words.
The face she's making might just be her poker face.  More investigation would have to be done on her training.
If you cannot add something that furthers the conversation of the topic, then do not post at all
Disable the chatbox from displaying offensive words
i dont even know what to say to this one...
This comment contains a slur that is very harmful for gay people.
excercising your free speech by being offensive...nice
The r word is a slur that affects mentally disabled people. Even medically, it's an outdated term.
a little much, why can't ppl make their arguments without being offensive
Not only are there words being used to degrade women here, the entire comments are degrading to women. Absolutely horrifying.
Slurs like these a denigrating women and have no place in our discourse.
To be honest it's simple. We have somewhat free speech online. If I don't like what a person posts, I just unfollow them or block them.
The real reason is because law and order has many different meanings in various cities.
The c-word is not acceptable in our discourse because it denigrates women and is hurtful and offensive.
I think she doesn't want to bothered today that's all.
Not sure who specifically you are referring to, but you might want to explain yourself in more detail without the vulgar language.
The use of the c-word as an insult is not acceptable in our conversations because it is hurtful and denigrates women.
Wow that is awful. Even if I don't really like my family, I still have a moral obligation to be kind to them.
Please refrain from using words that are commonly regarded as derogatory towards women.
"Re----ed" used here offends the mentally disabled and their families
With the words you choose to use, you are reinforcing a culture of hatred.
Using this language does not promote a constructive conversation on this subject, no matter how horrible this woman's actions were.
"Re----ed" used here offends the mentally disabled and their families.
Resorting to hateful rhetoric is a poor way to support your point in any argument
"C--t," and "cow" are offensive, inappropriate and misogynistic terms; they should not be used here.
Stop with the gender bashing insults.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable in civilized discourse. It is an offensive slur that is hateful toward all women.
"Retard" used here offends the mentally disabled and their families.
Use of the word retard and gay in this thread is offensive because it equates with being inferior and that is wrong.
"Re---d" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families, please try to avoid it.
While I agree that anti-vaxers are misinformed, calling them women's genitals does not further your argument.
My son had a bad reaction and now has mild autism and a rare muscular disease. So ant-vaxers aren't crazy. Just do your research.
Everyone is entitled to there opinion.
Let's not bring the intellectually disabled into this. Especially not with slurs.
Star Trek Discovery is awesome!
Making up words is literally how language advances. It is perpetuated by people using words they're not supposed to use, like slurs. Stop.
It is more of an aggressive personality if a player is triggered. Nothing to do with gender.
Hey guys, let's have this discussion in pms, where kids can't find it.
Every language has their good and bad words. Let's leave it at that and move on.
I don't understand how any woman would appreciate the terms you used.
Please refrain from making sexist and gender demeaning comments.
"B--ch" and "c--t" used to refer to women are gratuitous and offensive; they should be avoided.
Please do not use language that is offensive to people with a disability.
Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families
I don't believe there is any event that vindicated the use of a word that condemns all women.
Please do not use language that is demeaning towards women.
Not all women bring the same values into a relationship, otherwise there would be on indecision for men when choosing female partners.
Please do not make comments attacking women.  Also refrain from using language that demeans those with disabilities.
"Retar---ion" offends many and detracts from the rest of your argument.
Tell me how you feel but please reappraise your language.
Please limit the negative comments that are demeaning to others.
Please change your words to ones that are more congenial.
Both "fa--ot” and "c--t" are offensive terms and must be avoided in legitimate political discourse.
Remember that others have feelings so please reconsider the talk that is demeaning.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that language.
Not sure if you're trying to be deliberately edge, but please watch the language in this subreddit.
Your point isn't wrong but you need to check the language.
Stop using a medical condition as a slur.
This conversation needs to calm down a little so I'm stepping in. Please watch the language.
Stop using gender based, political choices and racist propaganda as insults.
While your sentiment is not wrong, you need to avoid this type of language.
This is a serious medical concern. No need to start with the anti-woman slurs.
Using the slur here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates homosexuality.
Homophobic language will not be tolerated here.
No reason to use homophobic slurs. Sexuality has zero to do with this topic.
This language is not acceptable. While you make a point, this is not necessary.
This is a very interesting viewpoint, despite your hateful comments suggestion the poster's lack of intelligence in your opinion.
Let's avoid this language please.
This type of language mocks mentally challenged individuals and has nothing to do with your point.
The name calling isn't necessary; just say they're stupid and  move on.
Hey, i am retarded and very offended.  Retards are more intelligent than that lobotomized sponge.
You're making a lot of assumptions about these people when you've never met them. They probably aren't nearly as bad as you think.
You lose you're arguement with me when you compare  use some of the terminology you do
Trying to fight fire with fire here isn't going to change anything. You're allowed to be upset, but you don't have to use slurs.
You don't have anything more clever than that?
Using a slur like 'cunt' doesn't make your argument any better, and it's definitely not going to change the other user's opinion.
You don't have any proof that people with mental handicaps are dangerous. Look up some real data and you might change your mind.
Educate yourself.  This is an incredibly ignorant view and you should work on it.
What is the point of using that language in this context, it is irrelevant
I don't think it's fair to lump entire countries together anyway, we all have lots of different types of people with different ideas
Why do you care what other people do with their lives, it doesn't affect you
I think User 2 might have typed this response a little quickly, we should let him/her clarify what exactly is outrageous in this situation.
Someone's gender shouldn't be a reason to hate someone and not all men are terrible.
The sentiment is well placed, but I think you could turn this into a productive discussion on capital punishment if you omit the slur.
Even though the mom has done something terrible such as this the justice system will find the right punishment for her besides hanging.
Sounds like you're speaking from experience. Do you want to talk about what your ex-girlfriend did to make you miserable?
She will eventually be punished but there is no point on stooping to there level and call people names.
Lovecraft is fine and needs to be left alone.
Revise content to remove negative comment re: sexual orientation
Stop using sexual choice based insults.
Lovely saying... And very true for loved ones that passed away.
Slang term for female genitalia is not permitted.
Same story I hear everyday. Good for you that you got out before it got worse.
Remove 2nd sentence in your comment please.
That has nothing to do with our gene pool.
Racist comments are not permitted.
Stop using negative racist terms as insults.
I agree a 17 year old should know how negative this organization would be for a future resume.
Refrain from using slang terms for people with disabilities.
You should consider listening to people and considering their viewpoints, instead of calling them slurs.
"Faggot" is no longer socially acceptable because it disparages a group of people that have been historically persecuted
Hey, gay people are accepted now. Calling them slurs just outs you as a bigot.
Certainly computer science uses less ignorant nomenclature that you normally would
Luckily, ableist slurs are not institutionalized into the literature of computer science. However, they seem to be wired into your brain.
"Retarded" is not a cool word to use anymore. It was formally a word used to disparage the differently abled. Luckily, we're more civilized
Hey guys, I agree with your politics, but let's not use the r-word.
stop using a medical condition as an insult.
There is little going on here except for hate speech and that has to stop.
how is that comment helpful, doesn't contribute to the discussion
No need to use that degrading word.
ideology doesn't have to lead us all to use hateful speech, not all liberals think the same, just like conservatives
These comments come off as childish.
The c-word is no longer acceptable, also in Australia.
Hey, that term is offensive towards women. If you hate women, keep using it, otherwise don't.
Hey, the r-word has unfortunate reminders of the history of the intellectually disabled. Let's not use it, and make reddit a pleasant place.
Use of the slur here is not acceptable because it denigrates people with homosexual orientation.
Hey, that word is offensive towards gays.
Just because someone disagrees with you does not mean their views are dumb.
Use of the c-word is no longer acceptable in our discussions because it is so derogatory to all women.
I agree that hate speech should not be tolerated, here or anywhere.
I think it's possible. A lady could spike a mans drink and rape him just like a man can to a woman.
It isn't the boogey that is being seen as bad, it's the latter.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that view.
Whoever asks someone on a date (man or girl) should pay, but if it's a friend with no romantic chance than no we're paying 50/50.
Please do not use offensive and/or derogatory language as an insult
The language you are using to describe women is unjust and terrible. Learn some manners.
Wow, well men do this a lot too. Especially with younger women. They just trade the older model in for the newer one.
derogatory and sexist comments are hurtful and unwelcome. They do not reflect the values of the members here. Please refrain
Try to use less intolerant words for being Stupid or dumb.
I actually still use PayPal and my kids make fun of me saying nobody does anymore.
the use of racist and derogatory terms are hurtful and unneeded. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported to Admin
You should of just stopped while ahead. Everything you said was fine and true until the end...
xenophobic and sexist terms are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments on this thread
You're last comment made you look pretty trivial. Try adult language.
The idea of a porn game is cool, but not a headless body.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please show some respect to woman and refrain from these type of comments.
Instead of using profanity, you can just say that she is not a good person.
Omit [cunt]. This term is generally considered profane & sexually deragatory.
It could have been intentional that they loaded blanks in the case that someone else fired the gun even though it was only a test.
Refrain from using deragatory descriptors (i.e. [retard]).   This term is considered bias against developmentally disabled.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive, detracts from your point and should be avoided.
Everyone is entitled to their opinion regardless of whether or not it is true.
Avoid using profanity during descriptions.  Refrain from deragatory terms such as [retard].
Avoid using the term "retarded". Many users find it offensive.
I agree. Keep the bigoted terms to yourself.
Warning. Refrain from using the term "nigger."  Many view it as offensive in any context.
Try dumb or stupid instead of a derogatory term.
Avoid using the term "retarded" Many find it offensive regardless of the context.
There are a few words here that show you might be intellectually challenged. Try a little harder.
Avoid the term "retarded"  Many consider it offensive, regardless of the context.
The user probably didn't understand how to create the content and seemed to be in an unfortunate state. Name-calling won't help.
Talking about being "woke" and using the word "retarded" to describe something is pretty inconsistent.
That is entirely irrelevant to this conversation and also very painful to read, and most important, not true.
Let's listen to what the original poster was trying to say. Calling anyone a c-word, male or female, is bad form.
I agree that the language of the article was incorrect, but there's no need to use that word to describe it. It is hurtful.
There are much better ways of describing someone besides using foul language.
That kind of language necessarily insults all women, not just the one you are talking about
These opinions would be better understood without the use of name calling.
Your comments about feminists and individuals with autism are a violation of Reddit's content restrictions
Repeating this hateful language isn't helping though, could leave it out
No one cares to read comments with foul language in them.
Use of that term to describe a woman is offensive and gender discrimination
don't think lumping all women into a categroy like this helpful though
The degenerate language being used makes everyone want to stop reading.
This comment disparages half the human race with bad words and puts it off as fact.
This has devolved into name calling it adds nothing.
Please try to be more sensitive on this issue.
Stop being offensive and ignorant. That term is unnecessary.
Misogynistic hatred, "Tw-t" and "ret--d" are hate speech and must be avoided in this forum.
That's not a respectful word, and is quite damaging. Stop now.
"Retard" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
That word is belittling. Do better. Be respectful.
"Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Using that word is a sign of ignorance and I would like to believe you are smarter than that.
using the word 'retard' is considered to be albeism. Refrain from such words
It is not an appropriate to make fun of a persons mental development .
Please don't make fun of someones mental development by using it as a slur.
The word used as a slur towards women is not appropriate here.
The profanity used can be mistaken for hate speech towards Hindus and women refrain from using it.
using the words 'faggot' is offensive and homophobic. Refrain from using such words.
The use of a homophobic slur is unnecessary.
You don't have to call people that word, it's offensive to those with special needs.
The foul language should be replaced in order for people to want to hear your opinion.
You can express your political opinions without resorting to slurs, thanks.
That word is so annoying, and shows your ignorance. Just fyi.
Speaking such derrogatory comments speaks volumes about your character.
Regardless of your struggles, being sexist is never okay.
That was probably the most ignorant, dumb thing I've ever heard.
Replacing the foul language will make people more open to hearing your opinion.
Please educate yourself on sexual assault and rape culture.
Using the "tw--" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Crude language may confuse readers on your meaning and intention.
Sexism in the workplace continues to be a major issue, especially in male-dominated areas like gaming.
The damage has been dealt, there is no reason to be rude as well.
That term refers to a serious medical condition. It doesn't mean what you think it does.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive, absolutely unnecessary here, and should be avoided.
He was already agreeing with you that she's in the wrong. No need to pull out the anti-woman slurs.
You are using pejorative and hateful terms for women in a demeaning manner. You are attacking this person on the basis of her sex.
Repeated use of the "n word" here, even if in attribution,  is so offensive to so many people it is best to avoid it.
I agree, hate speech is antiquated and we're beyond it. It has no place in 2019.
Using "c--t" is offensive to women and such hate speech is not permitted here.
If your mom is still taking care of you, she deserves a medal, not to be called hateful names!
What's wrong with that? You seem like an unkind, homophobic person.
Totally unwarranted to use a slur regarding someone's sexual orientation as a response.
Using this term in this way constitutes hate speech.
If you don't like something you don't need to resort to hateful language to express yourself.
Please avoid using the term "cunt" to describe people. It is hate speech.
It's not nice to use that word when talking about the mentally ill. That was very offensive.
No reason to insult people with a disability while expressing your opinions here.
This comment is pure hate speech, even the parts that are not vulgar. please avoid such speech.
Try the word moron instead, easy.
As much as I agree with your stance, it is not necessary to insult those with mental disabilities.
This type of language is offensive and your point can be made using other words.
That was a whirlwind of a statement it goes from nice, positive, to suddenly a jerk'.
I agree with gender equality, but using a derogatory word in your statement is counterproductive.
This type of language is offensive and promotes a culture of hatred. Please refrain from using these words in your argument.
You don't have to disparage a whole gender because this person wasted your time.
The use of foul language takes away from any point that is trying to be made.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts, insults and demeans women.
That's pretty inappropriate. How would they know which side of the fene you belong on, anyway?
The name calling and foul language shows a lack of understanding of the topic.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts, insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Is there not a word you can use that does not demean the differently-abled?
Name calling only speaks about the name callers character.
I don't feel it's necessary to use a word that demeans the differently-abled just to describe your feelings for this person
The foul language should be replaced with more proper verbiage.
I think everyone would appreciate it if you saw yourself out of this subreddit. Thank you.
What is the point in calling people retards? Do you think it makes you look intelligent?
Use of the slurs and hate is unacceptable because it hurts, insults and demeans the other.
Nothing that any of you have said has been productive. Just taking pot shots at each other.
SHould be ashamed.. misleading someone that doesn't speak english well enough.
This is completely unacceptable and borders on hate speech.
Both gender-based threats of violence and using the "c---" term to refer to women are offensive hate speech and should be avoided.
Watch your language. This is your only warning.
I understand a degree of frustration but this language is not acceptable and is misogynistic.
"Dumb c--ts" is a hateful, ignorant and misogynistic utterance and so has no place here.
Watch your language please. This is not appropriate.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women, far from showing cleverness, is in fact offensive, unnecessary and should be avoided.
The foul language and name calling only leads to arguments instead of expressing ones opinion.
Everyone needs to stop with the racist profiling. Not everyone is the same. I am blonde, white, female and I'm broke.
If you are trying to defend minorities, using language like this does not help your cause.
Using foul language can make people think you have a lack of a vast vocabulary.
You should at least try to listen to people's objections before you dismiss them.
Name calling speaks volumes about the character of the name caller.
I know 9pm doesn't seem late to some but to be out on Halloween it's a bit late. My kids never went out after 7 or 8,
All you are doing is trying to silence women for disagreeing with you
There certainly is better verbiage to be used besides foul language.
If you want to be taken seriously in your arguments you shouldn't insult totally unrelated minorities!
Talking down on someone and calling them names only makes the name callers look childish.
I love Judge Judy! Nobody can call her sexist, she gets on everyone!
Hey, racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported to admin
xenophobic and derogatory slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments, Thanks
It is ridiculous and harmful to suggest that women and Muslims are able to "get away with anything". You are fomenting resentment.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively, far from showing any wit, is offensive and should be avoided
Hi there, sexist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported. Thank
Using "c--ts" to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Hi there, racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior on reddit. thank you
The "n word," in any context, offends many, so has no place in intelligent commentary.
106: your comment trivializes rape, and falsely suggests that women you don't find attractive cannot be victims. 92: n-word is racist.
Dude, you really can't be saying stuff like that. It's 2019. No one in their right mind thinks like that anymore. You should grow up.
I don't think using words that perpetuate a negative sterotype show care or promote understanding.
Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings or you will be reported
You know, that's really sexist, and you should think before you speak.
Let´s try to keep this conversation under respect terms please
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or sexual orientation in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Please think about what you are saying before you comment.
It´s not necesary to be rude
Please withdraw the harmful language from your comments.
Please, let´s try to respect each others
Please know that there are consequences to your speech so take out the nasty language.
Easy everybody! let´s try to take a breath
Please eradicate the destructive language from your commentary.
Come on! what are you talking about? let´s try to keep things nice
Please think about how your words can negatively affect others feelings and remove the damaging ones.
The foul language needs to be replaced in order for anyone to take your opinion into consideration.
Regardless of her opinion you should not call her that.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature make a productive conversation.
Slandering woman with those terms shows a serious lack of respect.
Not sure  who your referring to but that language is not appreciated.
Calling him that will not make you feel better about yourself.
Describing someone in such a derrogatory way shows a serious lack of respect.
I dont understand why everyone on this site uses that word when referring to a female.
These comments are foul and show the kind of people they truly are.
Saying something like that is wrong, I bet you wouldnt feel the same if it was your mother.
User 10: Your comment is hateful in a generalized way towards women, and is ridiculous. And don't use the demeaning slur "retard".
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences, and should be avoided.
Refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts, please.  It doesn't help your argument or add to the thread
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. Please stop or Admin will be alerted
Please refrain from including ableist insults in your posts.  It doesn't add to discussion or help your arguments.
derogatory comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings.
Using sexist insults in your post doesn't add anything productive to the thread.  Please refrain from it in the future.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  You aren't adding anything productive to the sub with that.
Understanding that people with mental disabilities deserve respect is a good quality to develop.
Mental retardation is a serious medical condition. I'm sure that's not what you meant to mock with your comment.
I doubt the issue is about political affiliation, sexual orientation or nationality. The issue is each individual standard of communication
I certainly support colorful language, but that lewd phrase is highly offensive to women and isn't necessary.
It's not alright to use such a disrespectful term just because you can't seem to get someone to understand your point.
Calling someone that doesn't mean "stupid", it's a legit medical diagnosis. Not cool.
"Ret---ed" as used here is hateful, may offend the mentally disabled and their families; and so must be avoided here.
"Retarded" is a pejorative word that demeans people who struggle with learning disabilities/differences. It is hurtful to use it.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so must be avoided.
"Retard" is a pejorative word that demeans people who struggle with learning disabilities/differences. It is hurtful to use it.
Both "ret--d" and "c--t" are terms of hate; and hate speech is forbidden here. So make your point without them.
Use of the slurs is unacceptable because it hurts, insults and demeans others.
"Faggot" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans queer people. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
Use of the slurs is unacceptable because it hurts, insults and demeans gays.
Misogynistic hatred, as well the associated use of "bitch" and "cunts," are all forbidden here.
Please keep the homophobic slurs out of your posts.  It doesn't add anything productive to the conversation of the sub.
Can we not use that word?
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs in your comments.  It doesn't add anything to the discussion in this thread
Why do you feel the need to attack someone explaining a medical condition.
That isn't nice to say.  Think about how a larger woman would feel if you told her this. Think before you speak, please.
Hateful ableist language doesn't help your argument or add to the discussion of the sub.  Please refrain from using it in the future.
What are you even trying to say, none of your sentences make sense, they just make you look angry and hateful.
The words you use are very hurtful to those with disabilities so please remove them.
Please cut the words that are destructive to those with disabilities.
Just have to change one word and then everything is fine.
Do you actually have a point, or is using offensive terms for the purpose of offending your whole agenda?
homophobic and derogatory comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Literally all of this is bad, the bot is even worse. None of this is ok, why would you think it is, you wouldn't say this IRL.
You don't have to disparage the differently-abled to espouse your racism, bigotry, and xenophobia.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting in reddit
Just call them morons, really its 2019 now you can handle this.
If she was so terrible a person, saying so is probably enough. You don't have to try to demean her based on her gender
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments when posting
Regardless of my opinion on what you said, you just cant go that far and use certain words.
While colorful, there are other words you can use to more fully describe your disdain for this person.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please have some respect woman and refrain from these type of comments in reddit
You can call her a lot of things but not that.
Using someone's sexuality shouldn't be used for their gaming skills.
Let's watch the language please. This is uncalled for.
As a female I agree that she should be fired if she cannot take constructive criticism . Stop being so sensitive.
There are much nicer words you can use for people.
There's no need for that kind of language. Be careful.
No way! We have Charlie Angels; leave James Bond to the guys!
Using a person's sex and call them "trash" is truly unfair.
Both of you are toeing the line. Let's hold back on the language please.
The flossing dance was done before it even started.
Using a woman's gender to judge her is outright pointless.
I admit that I really am not as nice to fellow women as I am to men. I find talking to men just so much easier.
Using the word "cunt" on a woman doesn't make you more of a man.
I understand your frustration but this kind of language is not necessary.
Oh wow... I didn't know this happened. The Feds do not play when it comes to wire fraud. She might get a lot of time.
I dont even understand what you are getting at.
There are more constructive ways to make your point without resorting to derogatory and offensive language.
Mindlessly using the "c---" term to refer to women, and relishing gender-based violence, are offensive, unnecessary and should be avoided.
Im sure you have never been drunk and done stupid things.
These types of words make it difficult to listen to the point you are trying to make.
No need to refer to her as that, Im not sure your mother would appreciate it.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided, even in this instance where the very question is silly.
No, it is usually referring to women in a derogatory manner.
Don't bring gendered insults into it either, then.
Your comment brought nothing to the conversation.
The level of disgust you're showing for another human being is upsetting.
This type of language is not appropriate, and your point can be made without such derogatory words.
Every part of your comment was inappropriate for no reason. You could have easily conveyed your idea without being nasty.
You should take a breath and realize that you are posting this on an article about someone who has died.
The two of you are being so toxic to each other that there is no possible way for either of you to engage in civil discussion at this point.
Please try not to dicuss women's bodies openly and especially with such disgust.
This type of language has a history of being used in a derogatory manner against women. Please be careful in the words you use!
Why was any of this posted. From video to you three's comments, nothing has been even remotely acceptable.
It's unfortunate that you see someone nonwhite and you don't even consider that they could have been cast for talent.
What does age have to do with any of the casting? Do the actors/actresses play their characters well?
Hey, derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported, please and thank you
Removing the foul language would make your point od view more understood.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Wow, it makes me upset to see someone in this day and age still have this thought process about women. No doubt you don't have a wife urself
The entire comment is derrogatory and no one would ever take this seriously.
Hey There, sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of posts. Thanks
While it is understandable to be upset at this senator for her hypocritical actions, we should try not to feed into what she's saying.
The foul language used needs to be replaced in order for anyone to take your opinion seriously.
I understand your message and what you are saying but, you shouldn't have to use retarded in that way to prove your point.
The foul language takes away from your opinion.
Hey There, sexist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported. Thx
Listen guys, it should be possible to talk about women you dislike without solely relying on sexist misogynistic remarks.
Speaking about woman in such a derrogatory way shows a serious lack of respect.
Please refrain from using ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread.
Please stop the abusive comments and use kinder words.
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs in your posts.  It doesn't add anything productive to the sub.
Please take out the deleterious comments and use ones that are more encouraging to others.
This comment's use of the word "cunt" seems demeaning and harmful towards women in a misogynistic way.
Using hateful sexist language in your posts does not help your argument or add to the conversation.  Please refrain in the future.
Please don't use words that are so disrespectful to women.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your responses in this thread.  It doesn't add anything productive to the conversation.
Please take out the comments that are so destructive to women and use more objectivity in your speech to get your point across.
Gratuitous insults and pejorative use of of "c--t" are each offensive and hateful--there is no place for that verbal behavior here,
Any insults concerning sex, gender or gender identity are unacceptable.
Reflexively using "ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
Insults concering an individual's disability are not permitted and are uncalled for.
There is no need to use inappropriate language to express your opinions.
Using the term "c--t" pejoratively is so very offensive that its reflexive and unconsidered use should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
There is no need to use language demeaning someone's gender or sex to express your opinion.
Using "Re--rd" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
It was totally unnecessary to use hateful language demeaning people with disability in your comment.
Calling someone a name makes one look small and weak.
Learn how to spell 'You´re' before you start throwing shit at others.
comparing Muslims to monkeys is offensive. Also using the word retarded is ableism and should be avoided.
Using that kind of language is the lowest form of name calling and makes it seem as if the topic is not comprehended at all by some.
I mean, what? This is literally nothing but rage fueled gibberish.
The point of this comment is lost amongst all of the foul language.
There are much nicer words that you can use for people that disagree with you.
Im pretty sure an autistic would be interested in what you think appears written by them.
Using "autistic kid" to label someone's intelligence is very unfair towards those with true autism.
You can insult people without saying that.
Hi, Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Pls and Thx
A girl's race does not need to be pointed out to judge her for how she is. You should not judge someone using sexual remarks about them.
Hey There, sexist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported
Using someone's religion or beliefs shouldn't be used to judge them.
hey, lets try to use a word that actually insults the person its directed at and not a whole group of others who dont deserve it.
Let's try to avoid foul language in the general chat, to avoid distractions.
Please try not to be belligerent.
can we please not throw out the "r ' word as a catch all for everything? it just shows a lack of thought.
Let's avoid using curses or words that are likely to be seen as more inflammatory than persuasive.
There's nothing wrong with them wanting a new subreddit.
please dont involve every woman with your insult. can you just let us know who you are talking about?
If we avoid the rough language it might be easier to get our points across/not shut down our audience.
Language like that doesn't exactly portray yourself as any better.
That kind of language doesn't help anyone understand your point of view.
The entire comment does nothing to make a real point it simply uses foul language to put others down and shows your true character.
This comment is unnecessarily hateful towards mothers and women, and demeans mothers in a harmful way.
Both "ret--ded" and "c--t" are terms of hate; and all hate speech is forbidden here. So make your point without it, or leave.
Use of the slur is unacceptable because it hurts, insults and demeans gays.
Remember that we're trying to uphold a certain standard in our conversation, and that talking in derogatory terms only hurts our endeavors.
I see that you are passionate about Kavanaugh, but there is no need to use a derogatory slur.
As dumb as user3 acted, you only simply needed to call him stupid.
While it's obvious that this wasn't taken as offensive, this could've been handled in a more friendly manner in case that didn't happen.
It is a miracle a spot was even open. They shouldn't of acted that way.
Name calling really takes away from the point that you are trying to make.
Having an opinion different from mine doesn't make you them a pedophile, but sex with minors is illegal.
Name calling and foul language takes away from the point of the topic and creates pointless arguments.
Cops should be treated with respect.
Using stereotypes speaks volumes about your character.
That's not nice at all. You should apologize.
Using someone's gender and sexuality shouldn't be mentioned just to judge them.
That could really offend someone.  You should do more research about other people's sexuality.
Keeping up with "retards" doesn't necessarily make them retarded.
Suggesting that women in general are "useless" and "lazy" is ridiculous and harmful. You are over-generalizing from specific incidents.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. Please stop or admin will be notified
34: suggesting that underclass people are to blame for their poverty because of "bad genes" is ridiculous and encourages eugenicist ideas.
"Faggot" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans gay/lesbian/bisexual people. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
sexist  and derogatory comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
2: Your characterization of women is ridiculous, demeaning, and harmful. 3: It is unacceptable to make light of rape in this way.
Watch the language. None of this is appropriate and is hateful.
Well that escalated quickly. Try to keep your heads about you.
What do you think will be accomplished by continuing to associate negativity with the LGBTQ+ community? You should be ashamed of yourselves.
I understand that you're frustrated but this kind of language is uncalled for.
The "C" word is a compliment in Australia. They have an affinity for things down under. Not quite in the USA.
Although your opinion matters, calling someone you don't know a cunt is just rude to be rude.
I understand what you're trying to say but this language is not appropriate.
Good thing that's not a real charge. "What is she charged with?" "I'd rather not say, your honor." There is a better way to make your point.
Do you believe calling them "retards" will change their view to yours?
I would love to reset phones to autocorrect that word to Fudge Nuggets across the country. As well as Bless Your Heart. LOL
You disagree with a group.. so they are bots. Sounds an awful lot like the stereotypes you are accusing that group of to me.
I'm sorry this happened to you but this kind of language is not appropriate.
That shows a huge lack of morals.  And please stop insulting the female genitalia, it's not their fault!!! =)
I agree that person was a less then admirable person.. still no need to call her a "cunt".
Using hateful ableist language is not helping your argument or adding anything to the discussion.  Please refrain in the future.
Both of you are wrong. It's not polite to spam messages which no one likes, but it isn't polite to call someone names either.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It doesn't add anything helpful to the sub's discussion
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive, misogynistic, unnecessary and should be avoided.
You had valid points until the last sentence. That made me disregard everything you said previously.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It does nothing to enhance to the discussion.
Please do not be so unkind when someone is relating honest questions. Your comment is not welcome here.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your response.  It adds nothing to the discussion or your argument.
Not everyone will agree with your vulgar and pointless attack on people because they are different from you.
Using hateful ableist language in your post is not adding to the discussion.  Please refrain from using it in the future.
Why do you think you are entitled to receive sexual attention from women? You need to learn basic respect and squash your ignorance.
yes he does sound like an Incel, but lets not fuel that by personal attacks.
some women exploit ugly men emotionally like some men exploit ugly women sexually. its not all of either party.
Abuse is never okay, but neither is expressing your anger through the use of ignorant slurs.
You wrote a decent supporting message, really to be ok it´s jsut one word to change, otherwise, keep being awesome!
"Retard" and "fagot" are pejorative and hateful word that demean people. It is hurtful and harmful to use them.
xenophobic and derogatory comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
its offensive to use faggots and retarded they directly attack one based on their sexual orientation and mental disability respectively
Your use of cunt here seems intended to specifically demean women in a sexist manner, using the sexist slur "cunt".
sexist comments are rude and demeaning. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments in reddit
sexist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported to admin
Its inappropriate to use the word 'cunty' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender
Please restrain from using the abusive language.
Give your comments without the hateful speech please.
Please stop insulting those with disabilities and use more objective comments.
"Retarded" is a hateful word used to demean people who struggle with learning differences. Using "mentally challenged" in this way, too.
using words like cunt and retarded is offensive since its a direct attack based on someone's gender and mental disability
Please use language that is going to state your point without degrading others.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences/disabilities.
You're lowering the level of this discussion by resorting to slurs like that.
The terms "c--t(s)" and "reta--ds" are bigoted terms of ignorance and so do not have a place in intelligent commentary.
You're making blanket assumptions about complete strangers but still accusing others of "brainwashing," that's awful.
All of the name calling and foul language only leads to arguments instead of making an opinion heard.
sexist and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments in this thread
I understand that you want women to be treated the same as men, but siding with violence is not the answer.
All of the foul language shows a real lack of vocabulary skills.
People from California and Sweden can publish whatever they want. If you have opposing opinions, you're free to publish something as well.
Using foul languge takes away from the validity of one's point as well as creates pointless arguments.
If you want your own religion to be respected, then you should respect that of others. Also, User 2 has no right to infer you are  "r."
Using foul language doesn't make a point any more valid.
racist and homophobic comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Just because you disagree with Beto, doesn't mean you have to feminize his name or imply he's a homosexual.
I think it's best you think twice about what you are saying. You should focus more on yourself.
That's someone's sister or wife or mother. Just because she has a different political ideology, doesn't mean you have to debase her
Please use more respectful words when referring to other groups and persons!
What you said really may offend some people.
You don't have to disparage the differently-abled to show your frustration at not being racist towards who you'd like to be racist towards
Woah! Please be respectful in the words you use instead of resorting to derogatory name-calling.
Many females may be offended by that word.
It's not necessary to disparage a whole gender of people because this person made questionable decisions.
Please refrain from using derogatory name-calling, which could be offensive to other users.
There is a much more socially accepted term that can be used to replace your foul language.
its inappropriate to use words such as  dyke as they directly attack people based on their sexual orientation
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding or show care.
Using the word 'retard'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Replacing the foul language with better words will make people accept your point of view more.
Name calling using that word shows a serious lack of respect.
Replacing the foul language with better words will make people be more accepting of your point of view.
Using the words like retardation and psycho is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
I know you were sarcastic, so I struggle with this, but it is still bad.
Please have discussions with respect to all persons and groups. Using derogatory names is not constructive.
That's extremely racist and rude. You should delete your comment.
I know you aren't meaning to be insulting, so just change a word.
Please use appropriate and respectful language when addressing others in the conversation.
Apparently, no one gets to speak without your harsh slurs!
Using name calling speaks volumes about your character.
I agree, this lady is terrible, but using slurs about female anatomy doesn't add to the argument.
Your comment is horrendously sexist, objectifying women in a harmful way and employing the hateful sexist slur "cunt".
There are more efficient ways to describe someone other than resorting to name calling.
This was an interesting discussion, until the racial slur started.
Removing the foul language would make people more receptive to your point of view.
Using the "c--ts" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
All the name calling shows a lack of character on the name callers behalf.
Please quit being so wounding with your words.
Using foul language doesn't make your point any more heard by others.
Please think about how other people feel when you make these hurtful comments.
Name calling is a very childish act.
Please think of the consequences of your words before you speak.
Such reflexive use of the word "fa--ot" is half-witted, offensive to many people, and should not be used in a political commentary.
Calling someone a name like that speaks volumes about your character.
Please exclude the unfriendly comments and use ones that are nicer.
The use of foul language has created tension and needless arguments.
Please do away with the damaging remarks to get your point across.
I don't disagree with your point, but please avoid using certain language.
"Retarded" is a pejorative, hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. Also not good to throw "autist" around.
Making fun of medical conditions isn't cool. I'm sure you didn't even think about that before you wrote those insensitive comments.
Not sure what's going on this conversation but this kind of language is not acceptable.
That's not even remotely funny. Making fun of mentally challenged people isn't a joke.
Let's watch the language please. This is inappropriate.
Speaking so derrogatorily about someone makes you look like a small individual.
You could say you disapprove without mocking a serious medical condition.
I understand you're frustrated but you need to watch your language.
Using foul language doesn't get your point heard any more than not using foul language.
The name calling and foul language makes people lose sight of the point you are trying to make.
This thread is actually funny, minus the name calling in the beginning!
That comment would have been more impactful if different verbiage was used.
This is a lot of back and forth banter for a topic that could be interesting if you stayed focused!
Not sure what's going on here but please watch your language.
All the foul language and name calling and none of it has anything to do with the topic.
Wow! He said thanks. The hostility is totally uncalled for!
Name calling speaks volumes about your character and has nothing to do with the topic being discussed.
Does using that inflammatory word make you feel better? You just demeaned a group of people that include your mother
Talking down on others makes you look small.
The preferred vernacular is "differently-abled" or "challenged". Don't be a brute
Using derrogatory terms speaks volumes about who you are.
Your language and tone are demeaning and harmful towards lesbian women.
Why would women wanna be gay when they could be with someone as open-minded as you?
The foul language shows a lack of understanding.
Your usage of that pejorative is not necessary. You only intend to enflame with this language.
Name calling shows the kind of person you are.
You are using the word "cunt" to specifically demean women, which is a sexist slur against women and unacceptable.
You are aware that you are demeaning a group of people that includes your mother? Use new words. Do it for mommy
If you're a fat person too then you should understand why it's appealing to want an easy out.
Its inappropriate to use the words 'bitch cunt' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender
Being rude like this isn't a good look.
This comment is evidently misogynistic, using hateful slurs against women.
Its inappropriate to use the word 'twat' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender
There's no reason to escalate to calling her that.
avoid words like fag and retards as they are direct attacks to one based on sexual orientation and mental disability respectively
Using this kind of language doesn't add anything to the conversation.
"Fag" and "retard" are hateful words that are used to demean gay people and people with learning differences, and should be avoided.
Avoid using hateful terms when describing others.
derogatory and xenophobic comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
I think you will find that many people with mental handicaps are actively striving for self determination within a capitalist society.
Hey there! Please do not use that vulgar word when responding to others.
Your usage of gendered terminology will likely get your opinion ignored and blocked by the people who's minds you are trying to change.
Please do not use a mental disability as an insult.
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported to admin
The use of antiquated and imprecise language is really holding back your arguments.
Do not use vulgar language when posting and responding to other feeds.
hey, sexist and derogatory comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
The internal workings and decisions of the legal system are quite arcane and have a lot to do with circumstances the public may not know.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments in reddit
Using a derogatory word to describe someone's race, even in reference, is not productive in conversion and does not show care.
Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings while posting in reddit
This type of language can be seen as derogatory and offensive to certain groups, and your point is weakened by resorting to these words.
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity or that describe a person with a mental disability are not productive.
"Re---d," "fa--ot," and "carpetmucher," all used here, detract from legitimate discussion of gender issues; such hatred must be eliminated.
Please refrain from using words that have historically been used to degrade people from targeted groups.
This word is considered derogatory and offensive historically, and we should be sensitive and respectful with use of it.
I don't think using words that perpetuate negativity show care.
"The n word" and "k-ke" are terms of hate, betray ignorance, and should not be used here.
Such an alphabet soup of ignorant hatred and gross insensitivity merely brand the speaker as profoundly ignorant. Please avoid them here.
Just because you dont agree with it doesnt mean you need to refer to them being mentally diminished.
Please use words that are universally accepted and avoid blatant degradation
Wow, im sure your mother would agree with that statement.
Just because you dont agree to it doesnt mean you need to call them such.
Please be respectful to other users and groups! Derogatory words and names don't contribute to a meaningful conversation.
That example is not becoming of your intelligence.
Please be mindful of the words you choose. Words that are historically considered derogatory can offend others in a public forum.
Everyone is entitled to their opionion, doesn't mean you need to slander them for it.
Using sexuality as a means of insulting people is ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are
Woah! Please use more universally accepted words. This rhetoric is offensive and derogatory towards women.
Judging someone by their sex is unfair and twat is an ugly word to use towards people, period.
Threads couldn't possibly be retarded, they can possibly not make sense but not necessarily be retarded.
Send them a private message letting them know that hate speech is against the Reddit ToS.
Women have enough issues as it is, please don't contribute to sexism.
Choose other words to describe females
Hate speech on Reddit is against the ToS, please edit your comment.
There's no reason to use the c-word, try broadening your vocabulary.
The way she looks has nothing to do with the content.
Please edit your comments regarding hate speech, it is against the Reddit ToS.
Cheaters are awful, but there's no reason to bring sexist comments into this.
Derogatory termonology constitutes hate speech, and is against Reddit ToS. Please revise your comment.
You are being extremely disrespectful to those suffering from mental illness.
These words can be very hurtful to people who are challenged
I agree, they're ridiculous, but the use of that word, which is a serious medical issue, isn't cool.
Let's not use the R word, it's offensive to other people, attack ideas not people.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences/disability, and should be avoided.
There are other words you can use to call something stupid. The one you picked is totally inappropriate.
Hey guys, as a gaming reddit we have a lot of kids so let's tone down the language, also User 1 stop attacking people.
"Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences/disabilities, and should be avoided.
No a very nice way to describe people you call your friends.
Don't use the R word, it's offensive to people of different abilities not the people you're trying to make fun of.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences/disabilities, and should be avoided.
I'm not sure what that is, but it sounds highly offensive to multiple groups of people, and you're describing yourself that way.
There's no point saying something that means anything designed to deliberately annoy.
Your slur seems to be demeaning towards both LGBTQ and African-Americans. It is harmful to use the n-word lightly like that, as a joke.
I hope that your use of that word doesn't reflect on your relationship with your mother.
I don't get why people have to refer to women by that word.
All of you would likely know more about how women think if you didn't throw the word cunt around.
Not only the work "c--t," but blatantly misogynistic excreta like "dumb c--t," is hateful and forbidden here.
You could use another word that wasn't offensive to all women.
Many people bet on themselves by taking out student loans. This fact does not mean they have a mental disability.
For people who are trying to argue the morality of an institution you have no hesitation to disrespect individuals with mental disorders.
Using a person's gender and using the word "cunt" to judge their actions is pointless.
You're bringing down a reasonable discussion by introducing this kind of language.
It is very harmful and hurtful to allude to individuals who struggle with learning disabilities/differences in such a pejorative way
Using words like "cunt" and using someone's gender doesn't makes sense when you try and judge their actions/beliefs.
I think you can both admit this conversation lost all point once you began to use such offensive language.
Calling Serena and Venus "creatures" has very serious racist implications. It's also nonsensical and harmful to suggest they are trans.
Using someone's sexuality to judge them is pointless, especially when the judging is for no reason at all.
This is incredibly disrespectful to two women who are world class athletes.
"Retard" and "retarded" are words that demean people who struggle with learning disabilities/differences, not casual insults.
You're depersonalizing these people by using that kind of terminology, which makes you less sensitive to them being hurt.
Replacing the foul language with proper words would greatly impact your statement.
Please end the harassment of others by changing your hurtful language.
Please avoid referring to people as "cunts". That kind of direct attack constitutes hate speech based on Gender.
Replacing the foul language with better words will allow people to better understand your opinion.
Please discard the hurtful words that are damaging to others.
This comment is littered with hate speech referring to women as "Whores". You may believe it's a profession, but it is hate speech.
The use of foul language makes the comments unreadable to most people.
Please end the comments that are hostile and use kinder explanations.
How you feel about how a person is acting doesn't give you the right to refer to them in a hateful manner. Please refrain
Describing someone using such a derrogatory term speaks volumes about your character.
Even if you don't like the attitudes of people, please use words that are more respectful.
There is no need to use such derogatory terms to get your point across.
hey there, racist and sexist views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported
You can state your point with out getting explicit about it.
hey there, sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Please do not use such derogatory terms.  There are better ways to explain what you are trying to ask
Hey there, Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Making fun of someone or name calling is unnecessary to make your point.
You aren't helping your argument when you use sexist and homophobic slurs in your posts.  Please refrain from it in the future.
The type of language you use is not appropriate and is derogatory.
Using sexist and homophobic slurs in your post does not aid your argument, nor does it contribute to the discussion of the sub.  Please stop
Please use other language to make your point without using derogatory names and phrases.
Using hateful ableist language in your post adds nothing to your argument or the thread.  Please refrain from using it in the future.
The use of foul language makes it hard to understand what someone is trying to say.
The hateful ableist language in your response is not contributing to the sub in any valid way.  Please refrain in the future.
I agree with your opinion but I prefer to use the term stupid.
The foul language used would be better substituted for a more appropriate verbiage.
Using hateful ableist language in your posts is not adding to the discussion in any productive way.  Please refrain in the future.
Dogs are not the brightest animals, but I do not think using that word to describe them is appropriate.
The foul language takes away from the   validity of the point that is being made.
refrain from words that directly attack a person based on their race or sexual orientation such as nigguh and faggot
Using a derogatory word to describe someone's race or demeans a person's gender identity is not productive in conversion.
Use of the slurs here is unacceptable because it hurts, insults and demeans others.
The woman in question was practicing free speech and expression, whether or not you're in agreement.
Hey there, sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thanks
That word is very hurtful to people with mental disabilities and their families.
Hey, please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted. Thx
A word is more than its shock value, it's about the violence it represents and the way people are treated with it.
Hey, Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thank you
Use of the c-word is unacceptable in our discourse because it hurts, insults and demeans women.
These forums rely on moderation and civil discourse. Bots help us do what human eyes cannot. Please abide by the standards of the forum.
Use of the slurs here is unacceptable because it hurts, insults and demeans other people.
This type of language is offensive and derogatory - these points can be easily made using other words.
All of the foul language and name calling speaks volumes about your character.
You are unfairly blaming societal problems on groups of people who you have chosen as scapegoats, but who also suffer from the same problems
There are plenty of ways to make your point in a more intelligent manner than resorting to offensive and derogatory names.
First of all, it's patently false that immigrants are unintelligent. Also, you should be more sensitive to developmental differences.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please be respectful of woman and refrain from these type of comments
I think you are factually incorrect here, engaging in hyperbole that is meant to vilify women.
All the name calling makes it seem as if no one was able to comprehend the topic of discussion.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively, and its embedding is misogynistic rants,  are each offensive and should be avoided
With all the foul language and name calling it is hard to understand the conversation.
"Gay men...deserve to be killed" is blatant hate speech and must be avoided in this forum.
Using foul language makes one think that they have a lack of verbiage to fill the void.
That's so racist and sad. You should think more before you type.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is never clever; it is offensive and should be avoided
This whole conversation is absurd, but please watch your language. This isn't necessary.
Twice in your response you used gender based hate speech. This kind of speech does not help you make your point. Please avoid doing so.
I don't think using words that demean a peron's gender are productive in conversation.
Please refrain from referring to people as "Retarted". It insults persons who are dealing with real issues.
Using such horrible words speaks volumes about your character.
She did apologize and she is a student. Hopefully it's a lesson taught and brought into adulthood.
Not sure why you think its necessary to attack someone over gender which has nothing to do with the story.
It is really hard to see a point of view with all of the foul language.
My ex told me that he hated not being circumcised and that it causes infection if not cleaned twice a day.
Demeaning people with disabilities while expressing your opinion on circumcision is totally unwarranted.
There is better verbiage that could substitute the foul language.
He is just trying to say that is what he finds attractive, but at no times does it mean hate or racism. I have to agree.
Your use of outdated and insulting terms is unwarranted in this thread.
Calling someone a name speaks volumes about your character.
I might want to see this movie. It actually looks pretty good.
You can disagree with someone without using offensive/demeaning language.
All of the foul language can make someone look unintelligent.
I don't think only women caused this issue. I am in my 30s and bought 2 homes already and own a business.
Totally unwarranted to refer to older individuals in that manner.
Although your comment has good intentions, there is no need to actually use the n-word as it can be triggering to see.
Get creative with your insults, "cunt" is sexist.
"Fag--t" and "ret--d" are hateful and bigoted terms. Their use here is unnecessary, and offensive to many.
The mindless and reflexive use of the term "c--t" and its variants comprises offensive hate speech and must be avoided
Hey there, sexist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported
If someone wants to act out or break the law they get arrested regardless if their a woman.
sexist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported. Thank you
Some feminist get out of hand with the extreme ideology but not all.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is so very offensive that its reflexive and thoughtless use should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
I am still sitting here shocked NYC had a parking spot open.
Hey there, Please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
The stats do say history repeats itself. My mom was abused by her 1st husband and then I went on to go through the same.
"R---rds" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Hey there, derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
I think it's a good concept to be able to change the gender to what you prefer, no harm done.
sexist comments are rude and unneeded. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments in Reddit
Deliberate misgendering is hateful and harmful. And "faggot" is a hateful word used to demean queer people, not a casual insult.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thank you
Stop using a sexual choice as an insult.
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments, thank you
Please be respectful to all races, ethnicities, religions and genders. Conversations are more constructive when we avoid derogatory names.
Please refrain from using derogatory and offensive names when referring to fellow users.
Please use more universally accepted words when referring to other people.
Woah! Please use words that are universally accepted. It is easier to have a conversation without resorting to degrading or derogatory words
Please be respectful in the words you choose! Opinions can be expressed in a way that doesn't use derogatory names as a crutch.
Using sexist insults in your post isn't adding anything to your argument or contributing to the topic.  Please refrain from it in the future
Please refrain from using sexist and homophobic slurs in your posts.  You aren't adding anything productive to the discussion with that.
Racist  and sexist comments are hurtful and derogatory. Please be considerate of others when posting.
Using hateful ableist language in your post adds nothing of substance to the discussion of the sub.  Please refrain from it in the future
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It isn't adding anything to the conversation in this thread.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. Please be considerate of others and their feelings
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs in your comments, you aren't adding anything helpful to the conversation of the sub
Using the term "c---" pejoratively betrays misogyny, both are so offensive that they should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist insults in your posts.  It isn't aiding your argument or adding anything to the debate in this sub.
"Retard" is an unacceptable slur used to demean people with learning disabilities/differences. "Islamic savagery" is extremely Islamophobic.
The hateful use of "ret--ds" and "retar--d,"as well as bigoted speech directed at jews (whether called "juice" or not) are not allowed here.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist rhetoric in your posts.  It doesn't help your arguments or contribute anything valid to the sub
"Retard" and "faggot" are unacceptable hateful slurs that demean people and are harmful in that way.
"Ret--ded" and "Fag--ts", as well as the formulaic hatred in which these terms are embedded, are not only offensive, but banned.
Using hateful ableist and homophobic rhetoric doesn't add anything productive to this debate.  Please refrain from it in the future.
Using hateful ableist language in your posts doesn't aid your argument or add anything to the conversation of the sub. Please refrain.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences.
Plenty of guys get away with worse! Don't be so quick to play the sexism angle.
Making fun of mental illness isn't cool at all.
A conversation about car tastes does not need to turn into this dudes.
"Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences.
Using that choice of insult is inappropriate. It mocks those with a serious medical issue.
Just gotta change one word.
That's not a very mature comment and adds nothing to the discussion.
Should just say nothing then.
This comment uses misogynistic language and generally propounds absurd and harmful ideas about women.
What someone wears does not determine if they deserve to be harassed or assaulted.
You just need to be banned.
You know, that's a really rude way of speaking to others. You should apologize.
You are attempting to protect someone else.. good on you. But your doing it using insensitive language and should be ashamed.
Hey there, you should really think about who you could offend before making a post like this.
"Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences, and should not be used.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted and will be reported to admin
Use of the slurs here is unacceptable because it hurts, insults and demeans gays.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue, you will be reported
Please keep the sexist insults out of your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion of the sub.
Words that are derogatory and that demean a certain gender are neither productive nor careful.
sexist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It isn't adding anything to your debate.
Using words that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
Please refrain from using sexist and ableist language in your posts.  It does nothing to help your argument or add to the sub.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature or that describe a person with a mental disability promote productive conversation.
Please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
Using sexist language doesn't help your argument or add anything of substance to the discussion.  Please refrain in the future.
While it was wrong it is hard for us to know the story and so we can't judge or call names.
91% of rape victims in the US are female and 9% are male. It's a tragedy no matter who is affected but women are disproportionally at risk.
You know, this is a really unkind comment, and you should consider editing it.
This language is anti-black and belittling to women.
words like retard and faggot are offensive as they directly attack one based on mental disability and sexual orientation
This is a complicated case and heartbreaking for the boy involved. Many factors must be taking into consideration.
You can express your frustration without resorting to disgusting slurs, you know.
You aren't really helping your point of view by throwing those kinds of insults at someone when trying to defend someone else.
Wow, not cool. Lots of bad words in there. Be more considerate, you probably offended someone!
Name calling and foul language makes one look unintelligent.
That is so wrong. I am a female and this is what gives us a bad name. She deserves some kind of punishment.
Assumptions and foul language show a lack of understanding of the topic.
"Fa-ots" and the "n word" offend many, add nothing to intelligent debate. and so must be avoided in this forum.
That is terrible thing to say. My grandma never said that at all.
The foul language makes people want to skip ones comment.
I never understood why ladies thought it was ok to act up on Cinco de Mayo.
Describing someone using foul language speaks volumes about ones character.
I am not a big Ginsburg fan but I hope she is ok. I don't hate on anyone.
Calling someone such a foul name makes one look childish.
Anyone who has "gay friends" should know how many people the  term "fa--ot" offends. Such displayed ignorance detracts from any real point.
I never heard of that term but it's not really nice.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting in this thread
User 17 makes an articulate point, but if you have an opposing opinion, you can do so without calling him the "r" word.
You can be patriotic about America without calling the other party the "r" word.
This type of language is offensive and derogatory. Please refrain from such language.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted and will be reported to Admin
Even if the movie was that horrible, using the "r" word (both of them) so casually is out of line.
It could be more of a behavioral problem rather than a handicap.
That is a little harsh for a differing opinion. I think we should try to keep this civil.
Using "ret--d" or "ret---ded" to mean low intelligence may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
You could try to take on some more advanced material. If you aren't challenged you won't grow or feel like you have earned success.
Your points can be easily made without using derogatory names.
That is an extremely hateful and harmful word, used to demean and oppress black people.
Hey now that is not appropriate language for this site.
Hey there, racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings
You're clearly using the sexist slur "cunt" to demean this woman on the basis of her sex.
Avoid using that vulgar word on this site.
Please do not use a term of sexuality in a hateful manner.
Do not use a mental disability as an insult on this site.
Please withdraw the comments that offend those with intellectual disabilities.
The word "retarded" is outdated and ignorant. I'm sure you can come up with a better insult.
You can disagree with liberal views without calling them the "r" word.
Pull out the words of offense to people with disabilities please.
I encourage you to get creative and think of ways to avoid using "retard".
Instead of the hateful words, please use comments with more respect toward women.
The word "cunt" is a gendered slur. You can express your opinion without being hurtful.
Please end the distasteful speech toward others and use less damaging words.
I understand that this is a frustrating issue, but there is no need for gendered slurs.
Her gender has nothing to do with the officer not deciding to handcuff her, it was the officer's decision.
Settle down the speech please to words that aren't so revolting to others.
There is no need for gendered slurs, dude.
Don't insult the lady, she just didn't understand it was a teaser.
Please keep the hateful ableist language out of your posts.  They don't add anything to the discussion in the sub.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It doesn't help your argument and contributes nothing to the thread.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. It doesn't help your argument and adds nothing to the sub.
Please keep the hateful ableist language out of your posts.  It doesn't add anything productive to the thread.
That word is never acceptable. It is extremely offensive. You should edit your post before you hurt someone.
Hey, there are a lot of people that I love would be hurt by you using this word.
It is absurd and extremely harmful to reduce accusations of sexual assault, which is alarmingly common, to "playing the sexual assault card"
I don't know why you would talk so cavalierly about serious violence against women.
If you want people to respect your own ethnic, cultural, and religious background, you have to respect others and stop stereotyping.
This exchange is full of hate: "b--ch," "hoe," "the n word," misogyny, hatred for Jews and Muslims--such uncivilized puerility must stop.
You can rephrase that sentence and still be funny without using the "n" word.
I agree that race should not be taken into account when adopting, but you can make your point without insulting her gender.
Both using "c--t," and ill-considered racial stereotyping, offends most people, communicates only ignorance, and is not welcome here.
Please refrain from using sexist and derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people on reddit
"Retr--d," "b--ch" and "c--t" are hateful terms and target people on the basis of sex or mental health; the terms are forbidden here.
Please expel the demeaning language from your conversation and use gentler words.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please have some respect for woman and refrain from these type of comments
Please get rid of the derogatory comments towards women and be more respectful with your words.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting on this thread
Please avoid the damaging remarks and use a more softhearted tone.
sexist views are hurtful and derogatory. Please be considerate of others when posting o this thread or you will be reported to admin
Misogyny, hate speech and the vitriolic use of the term "c--t" are not permitted in this forum.
Please use care with your words in expressing your opinions about elders.
You can have a certain opinion on PC terms, and express it without using the "R" word.
You dont have to use a metally dimished person in your example.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse; please make your point without it.
Those women were in the wrong, but there's no need to use the C word.
You really dont need to use that language to express your feeling.
You can disagree with the way Mozilla is being conducted without using the "r" word.
I know you can think of a better word to classify them, instead of making yourself seem incompetent.
You made such a good argurement then had to bring up the r word and totally kill my opinion of you.
The term "fa---t" is offensive to many people and so should not be used in a political commentary.
You can disagree with User 6 without calling him the "f" word.
Surely you can find a better way to rebute someone than calling them that.
While I agree that religion should be approached with skepticism there is little to no correlation between belief and intelligence.
I believe that they prefer to be called country people.
While I like your point the derogatory term is a bit excessive, maybe in the future call them food warriors.
I would have called them obstructionists personally, but I'm trying to avoid swearing and using other dodgy language.
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs in your post.  They don't enhance your argument or the discussion in this thread
Please be respectful in the words you choose. It can be hurtful to others.
Please stop using homophobic slurs in your posts.  They are adding absolutely nothing to the sub's conversation.
Both using "fa--ot" and racial bigotry are hate speech and so forbidden in this forum.
The words you've used are historically sensitive and considered very offensive. Please be careful with the words you choose!
Using hateful misogynistic language in your posts does nothing to help your argument or enhance the conversation in this thread.
These types of words are considered derogatory and offensive, and can be replaced with more universally accepted terms.
Using sexist insults in your post adds nothing to your argument or the sub as a whole.  Please refrain in the future.
Misogynism and use of the words "b--ch" and "c--t" have no place here; all must be avoided.
Please use more universally accepted words that do not target groups in a degrading manner!
Using hateful ableist language in your post doesn't add any credence to your argument nor does it benefit the discussion of the sub.
its inappropriate to use the word faggot as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexuality
He's right, you should be embarrassed by your choice of words. Homophobic slurs have no place in this thread.
using the word 'nigger' is a direct attack to someone based on their race and its advisable that you refrain from using it
This was a respectable argument until the racial and anti-female slurs started flying.
racist and sexist comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments in reddit
Your name calling isn't necessary. A simple request for a video would be adequate.
homophobic comments are offensive and hurtful to people and should not be used. Please refrain from using these types of comments.
Lie or not, using that word is highly offensive, and actually mocks a medical condition.
