text:According to a recent OFSTED report, a school in Birmingham is still segregating girls and boys, despite a Hight Court ruling in 2017 that this is unlawful.	labels:To be fair, the OFSTED report is more concerned with lack of enforcement and less about focussing on the practice of any particular faith.	episode_done:True
text:According to a recent OFSTED report, a school in Birmingham is still segregating girls and boys, despite a Hight Court ruling in 2017 that this is unlawful.	labels:While this story is presented as an 'Islamic issue', the OFSTED report refers to 'countless' faith schools still that still illegally maintain gender segregation - my guess is this is a cross-faith practice and not exclusive to Islamic faith schools.	episode_done:True
text:According to a recent OFSTED report, a school in Birmingham is still segregating girls and boys, despite a Hight Court ruling in 2017 that this is unlawful.	labels:The quoted report refers to 'countless faith schools' that illegally maintain gender segregation. Isn't it more accurate to frame this as a matter of lack of resources for enforcement, rather than presenting the story as an 'Islamic issue'?	episode_done:True
text:According to a recent OFSTED report, a school in Birmingham is still segregating girls and boys, despite a Hight Court ruling in 2017 that this is unlawful.	labels:Gender segregation in faith schools is clearly a negative, but hardly exclusive to some Islamic schools. I was 15 before I attended mixed classes, but then, this was regarded as normal in the 1960's / 70's. The issue is really, if we are to allow faith based education, we need effective mechanisms to uphold standards, and legal requirements.	episode_done:True
text:The police and politicians are covering up these Muslim grooming gangs - They are traitors to their own people!	labels:We need to work together to eradicate CSE once and for all. Individuals are the problem, it does not come from any religion, biased media attempting to scapegoat is being blind to the whole truth.	episode_done:True
text:The police and politicians are covering up these Muslim grooming gangs - They are traitors to their own people!	labels:Grooming gangs like those in Rochdale and Huddersfield have been rightfully convicted. Does that look like police collusion to you?	episode_done:True
text:The police and politicians are covering up these Muslim grooming gangs - They are traitors to their own people!	labels:No they are not - prove this?	episode_done:True
text:The police and politicians are covering up these Muslim grooming gangs - They are traitors to their own people!	labels:The only cover up I remember was in the Catholic Church, but we remember that the actions of individuals do not reflect on the whole.	episode_done:True
text:The police and politicians are covering up these Muslim grooming gangs - They are traitors to their own people!	labels:Good job the police are so effective at catching and prosecuting non-Muslim sex-offenders and protecting their victims. Oh, wait.	episode_done:True
text:The police and politicians are covering up these Muslim grooming gangs - They are traitors to their own people!	labels:The only reason these gangs exist in the first place is because they do not have an institution like the BBC or the Church to shield them.	episode_done:True
text:The police and politicians are covering up these Muslim grooming gangs - They are traitors to their own people!	labels:The only traitors are the conspiracy theorists who spread this kind of misinformation.	episode_done:True
text:Shocking. 2 men are murdered in Paris by having their throats cut by some savage shouting 'Allahu Akbar' and the BBC ignore the story. Another cover up.	labels:The only cover up that happens in the media is of the positive stories about Muslims, extremist actions are the only ones ever highlighted.	episode_done:True
text:Shocking. 2 men are murdered in Paris by having their throats cut by some savage shouting 'Allahu Akbar' and the BBC ignore the story. Another cover up.	labels:Is this true? Where is your source?	episode_done:True
text:Shocking. 2 men are murdered in Paris by having their throats cut by some savage shouting 'Allahu Akbar' and the BBC ignore the story. Another cover up.	labels:The BBC also neglects to report on many violent or terrorist far-right extremist and Islamophobic crimes. What is your point?	episode_done:True
text:Shocking. 2 men are murdered in Paris by having their throats cut by some savage shouting 'Allahu Akbar' and the BBC ignore the story. Another cover up.	labels:Mate, the media is constantly biased against Muslims and tries to make them out to be the enemy. What we hardly ever see is the many more positive stories.	episode_done:True
text:Only a few people were punished for yesterday violations instead of all them violent Muslims, and if the government does not deport these criminals, then the common people will take care of them.	labels:I thought we'd stopped exporting our convicted criminals last century. Now you advocate exporting people wihtout a trial or a conviction.	episode_done:True
text:Only a few people were punished for yesterday violations instead of all them violent Muslims, and if the government does not deport these criminals, then the common people will take care of them.	labels:I think the government has a very good understanding of who should be deported and members of the public should leave this type of decisions to them?	episode_done:True
text:Only a few people were punished for yesterday violations instead of all them violent Muslims, and if the government does not deport these criminals, then the common people will take care of them.	labels:If they were violent they would have been punished too. Why do you think someone of a certain religion is automatically guilty?	episode_done:True
text:Only a few people were punished for yesterday violations instead of all them violent Muslims, and if the government does not deport these criminals, then the common people will take care of them.	labels:In fact, the government deports those criminals back to their countries.	episode_done:True
text:Only a few people were punished for yesterday violations instead of all them violent Muslims, and if the government does not deport these criminals, then the common people will take care of them.	labels:What happened to the good old British values of stuff like 'tolerance' and 'respect for the rule of law' - what you are suggesting sounds like mob rule, vigilante action and people running around with burning torches?	episode_done:True
text:Only a few people were punished for yesterday violations instead of all them violent Muslims, and if the government does not deport these criminals, then the common people will take care of them.	labels:Are you suggesting to commit a crime? There are courts for punishment and if the crowd does the punishment itself, you will become criminals.	episode_done:True
text:Only a few people were punished for yesterday violations instead of all them violent Muslims, and if the government does not deport these criminals, then the common people will take care of them.	labels:The ones who deserved to be punished, were punished. If others are innocent, clearly they do not deserve to be penalized?	episode_done:True
text:Only a few people were punished for yesterday violations instead of all them violent Muslims, and if the government does not deport these criminals, then the common people will take care of them.	labels:Who are 'all them violent muslims'? Are you sure you are proficient to judge who's guilty and who's not?	episode_done:True
text:Only a few people were punished for yesterday violations instead of all them violent Muslims, and if the government does not deport these criminals, then the common people will take care of them.	labels:An entire faith? Really? Can you not see how ignorant this is?	episode_done:True
text:Fuck Islam and Fuck ISIS. We should repatriate all Muslims. They are all a bunch of violent criminals who do not share our values and never will. Without them Britain will be a better, safer place.	labels:Are you blaming all community for the action of a few? Doesn't seem very fair does it?	episode_done:True
text:Fuck Islam and Fuck ISIS. We should repatriate all Muslims. They are all a bunch of violent criminals who do not share our values and never will. Without them Britain will be a better, safer place.	labels:Could you mind your language? You are insulting millions of people who are Muslims. Isis are war criminals, but why are you equaling them with all Muslims?	episode_done:True
text:Fuck Islam and Fuck ISIS. We should repatriate all Muslims. They are all a bunch of violent criminals who do not share our values and never will. Without them Britain will be a better, safer place.	labels:The truth is the worldwide Muslims denounce ISIS and its violence. Plus, many Muslims are the victims of ISIS. According to <The Guardian>, 'Isis regularly publishes a hit-list of global Muslim leaders in its online magazine, which certainly helps to explain why Muslims from Syria and Iraq may want to migrate to countries like Australia.'.	episode_done:True
text:Fuck Islam and Fuck ISIS. We should repatriate all Muslims. They are all a bunch of violent criminals who do not share our values and never will. Without them Britain will be a better, safer place.	labels:Positive news stories*.	episode_done:True
text:Fuck Islam and Fuck ISIS. We should repatriate all Muslims. They are all a bunch of violent criminals who do not share our values and never will. Without them Britain will be a better, safer place.	labels:Surely it is our 'actions' that make us criminals, not whichever faith we folow, whether than be by choice or tradition or culture?	episode_done:True
text:Fuck Islam and Fuck ISIS. We should repatriate all Muslims. They are all a bunch of violent criminals who do not share our values and never will. Without them Britain will be a better, safer place.	labels:This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith?	episode_done:True
text:Fuck Islam and Fuck ISIS. We should repatriate all Muslims. They are all a bunch of violent criminals who do not share our values and never will. Without them Britain will be a better, safer place.	labels:Muslims are also average and decent British citizens? Repatriate?	episode_done:True
text:Fuck Islam and Fuck ISIS. We should repatriate all Muslims. They are all a bunch of violent criminals who do not share our values and never will. Without them Britain will be a better, safer place.	labels:Saying that all people of certain religion are violent criminals does not make sense at all.	episode_done:True
text:Fuck Islam and Fuck ISIS. We should repatriate all Muslims. They are all a bunch of violent criminals who do not share our values and never will. Without them Britain will be a better, safer place.	labels:Can I suggest that the deportation of up to 3 million people, a large proportion of whom were born in the UK does not reflect 'our values' in the way I understand them.	episode_done:True
text:Fuck Islam and Fuck ISIS. We should repatriate all Muslims. They are all a bunch of violent criminals who do not share our values and never will. Without them Britain will be a better, safer place.	labels:Isis is an extrem of Islam and does not represent Muslims' belief and action. Indeed, most of Islam condemned the action of ISIS.	episode_done:True
text:Fuck Islam and Fuck ISIS. We should repatriate all Muslims. They are all a bunch of violent criminals who do not share our values and never will. Without them Britain will be a better, safer place.	labels:Saying that all Muslims are criminals is just wrong. They also do share British values.	episode_done:True
text:Fuck Islam and Fuck ISIS. We should repatriate all Muslims. They are all a bunch of violent criminals who do not share our values and never will. Without them Britain will be a better, safer place.	labels:I agree that ISIS is an evil aberration, but to extend this to include up to 3 million people just in the UK is just plain silly.	episode_done:True
text:Fuck Islam and Fuck ISIS. We should repatriate all Muslims. They are all a bunch of violent criminals who do not share our values and never will. Without them Britain will be a better, safer place.	labels:Actually, the principle of Muslims is to love and respect everyone. This is the same as our values. If you talk to a Muslim, you will find out that they are kind and friendly people too.	episode_done:True
text:Image (features protesters with signs such as 'behead those who insult Islam) with a caption saying 'How can we be Islamophobic when they really do want to kill us'.	labels:This is just false news! Islam, Christianity and Judaism have the same beginnings and the Koran give special respect to the other two.	episode_done:True
text:Image (features protesters with signs such as 'behead those who insult Islam) with a caption saying 'How can we be Islamophobic when they really do want to kill us'.	labels:Whilst a small number of Muslims were involved in this, the vast majority stand against extremism (link to article about the Muslim anti-extremism march in Cologne)	episode_done:True
text:Image (features protesters with signs such as 'behead those who insult Islam) with a caption saying 'How can we be Islamophobic when they really do want to kill us'.	labels:[find positive and up to date example of Muslim people contributing to their community.] Doesn't really look like it to me.	episode_done:True
text:Image (features protesters with signs such as 'behead those who insult Islam) with a caption saying 'How can we be Islamophobic when they really do want to kill us'.	labels:Kkk anyone? Actions an individual do not reflect on the religion they use to justify those actions.	episode_done:True
text:Image (features protesters with signs such as 'behead those who insult Islam) with a caption saying 'How can we be Islamophobic when they really do want to kill us'.	labels:Google image search to provide factual information about the image if possible. Ie when and where it is from and provide context, ie this was a small faction that has been condemned my main stream Islam and happened 15 years ago.	episode_done:True
text:Image (features protesters with signs such as 'behead those who insult Islam) with a caption saying 'How can we be Islamophobic when they really do want to kill us'.	labels:Source check?	episode_done:True
text:Image (features protesters with signs such as 'behead those who insult Islam) with a caption saying 'How can we be Islamophobic when they really do want to kill us'.	labels:There are a hundred similar images of Christian including those in the KKK standing next to their victims who used the Bible as a justification. Of course none of us believe they represent all Christians.	episode_done:True
text:Image (features protesters with signs such as 'behead those who insult Islam) with a caption saying 'How can we be Islamophobic when they really do want to kill us'.	labels:[quote from Quran about peace and love.] When the Quran says nothing about harming people who do not believe in Islam, how is this a reflection on all Muslims.?	episode_done:True
text:Image (features protesters with signs such as 'behead those who insult Islam) with a caption saying 'How can we be Islamophobic when they really do want to kill us'.	labels:And Trump supporters sent pipe bombs to his opposition, including Robert De Niro, those individuals do not represent all of Trump's supporters though.	episode_done:True
text:Image (features protesters with signs such as 'behead those who insult Islam) with a caption saying 'How can we be Islamophobic when they really do want to kill us'.	labels:On a brighter note, a counter-terrorism protest held by more than 10,000 Muslims advocated peace and people held posters denouncing terror.	episode_done:True
text:Image (features protesters with signs such as 'behead those who insult Islam) with a caption saying 'How can we be Islamophobic when they really do want to kill us'.	labels:Islamophobia and prejudice is making a judgement that may or may not be true of one person but then assuming it is true of all people like that .	episode_done:True
text:Image (features protesters with signs such as 'behead those who insult Islam) with a caption saying 'How can we be Islamophobic when they really do want to kill us'.	labels:Do an image search for the image used, try to find it is source. Either you can demonstrate that the image has been misappropriated or you can talk about how individuals have always used religion to justify their actions, the problem is with the individual not the religion.	episode_done:True
text:Image (features protesters with signs such as 'behead those who insult Islam) with a caption saying 'How can we be Islamophobic when they really do want to kill us'.	labels:The image was photoshopped, original here. Muslims have never wanted to kill us or anyone, this image in fact demonstrates that there is no evidence for it so people have to make it up.	episode_done:True
text:Image (features protesters with signs such as 'behead those who insult Islam) with a caption saying 'How can we be Islamophobic when they really do want to kill us'.	labels:Even if true, how does hatred counter hatred?	episode_done:True
text:Image (features protesters with signs such as 'behead those who insult Islam) with a caption saying 'How can we be Islamophobic when they really do want to kill us'.	labels:Islam is a religion of peace and tolerance [insert quote from Koran].	episode_done:True
text:These 8 crooks are all Muslims and every one of their victims is Non-Muslim, white-British. Why do these criminals only target White British Non-Muslims?	labels:You seem to have a new superpower? Ascertaining ethnicity and faith based on a person's last name?	episode_done:True
text:These 8 crooks are all Muslims and every one of their victims is Non-Muslim, white-British. Why do these criminals only target White British Non-Muslims?	labels:They don't, but I wonder why only the crimes with 'White British Non-Muslim' victims are the ones widely circulated?	episode_done:True
text:These 8 crooks are all Muslims and every one of their victims is Non-Muslim, white-British. Why do these criminals only target White British Non-Muslims?	labels:Criminals are checking on a person's faith before the commission of their crimes? Seems a lot of bother to me.	episode_done:True
text:These 8 crooks are all Muslims and every one of their victims is Non-Muslim, white-British. Why do these criminals only target White British Non-Muslims?	labels:Isn't this a 'Have You Stopped Beating Your Wife?' question.?	episode_done:True
text:These 8 crooks are all Muslims and every one of their victims is Non-Muslim, white-British. Why do these criminals only target White British Non-Muslims?	labels:Tosh! Criminals are 'equal opportunists', targetting the elderly and vulnerable regardless of their faith or ethnicity.	episode_done:True
text:Don't the Moslem's Holy books say 'kill infidels wherever they may be hiding'.	labels:All hatred is wrong.	episode_done:True
text:Don't the Moslem's Holy books say 'kill infidels wherever they may be hiding'.	labels:No, that is misunderstanding. Actually they denounce violence.	episode_done:True
text:Don't the Moslem's Holy books say 'kill infidels wherever they may be hiding'.	labels:No, the Qur'an does not instruct killing in any part of it. Seriously, check your facts.	episode_done:True
text:Don't the Moslem's Holy books say 'kill infidels wherever they may be hiding'.	labels:No, it doesn't.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims are the ones who invented the slave trade.	labels:Slavery long predated Islam, they inherited slavery and proceeded to improve conditions. Way ahead of the rest of the world.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims are the ones who invented the slave trade.	labels:But the British turned it into an art form to rape and pillage across the world.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims are the ones who invented the slave trade.	labels:That is inaccurate, do your research! Slave trade had been there for ages before all over the world.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims are the ones who invented the slave trade.	labels:Slavery has been rampant in early societies of all kinds. I am sure the Romans did not take inspiration for their slave trade directly from Muslims.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims are the ones who invented the slave trade.	labels:Slavery was widely dominant before Islam. Muslims actually improved the conditions of slaves and stressed the importance of compassion and kindness.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims are the ones who invented the slave trade.	labels:That is misleading! The Atlantic slave trade was mostly linked to Christians, but no one calls it Christian slave trade.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims are the ones who invented the slave trade.	labels:No, an entire faith did not invent the slave trade.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims are the ones who invented the slave trade.	labels:Non-muslims are the ones who used slavery to build the foundations of western society and relied on it to advance capitalism. What is your point?	episode_done:True
text:Muslims are the ones who invented the slave trade.	labels:Christian Europeans are the ones that then expanded the slave trade to an industrial scale and instrumentalised exploitation as a key component of our economy.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is not a religion, its just an excuse for retarded sexual psychopaths, bastards who pollute the world.	labels:This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith? This is just hatred.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is not a religion, its just an excuse for retarded sexual psychopaths, bastards who pollute the world.	labels:That is a misunderstanding. On the contrary, Islam is a peaceful religion and condemns any crimes or violences to anyone.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is not a religion, its just an excuse for retarded sexual psychopaths, bastards who pollute the world.	labels:I know many Muslims who are wonderful people and have done nothing wrong to this world. You should not insult people based on their religion.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is not a religion, its just an excuse for retarded sexual psychopaths, bastards who pollute the world.	labels:People have the right to belong to any religion they want. If you do not like their religion, it does not mean that they are bad!	episode_done:True
text:Islam is a cult and not a religion. They rape children, enslave and murder people, attack our values, and there is nothing good about it. It is incompatible with our way of life.	labels:These are gross crimes that are surely common to people who may profess or be ascribed adherence to a range of faiths.although viewed from 'the inside' unlikley to be percieved as 'devout'. More about behaviours than matters of doctrine.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is a cult and not a religion. They rape children, enslave and murder people, attack our values, and there is nothing good about it. It is incompatible with our way of life.	labels:Islam isn't incompatible with your way of life, the biggest obstacle to integration is intolerance and false fearmongering like this. How many Muslims have you met that were rapists/murderers/had slaves?	episode_done:True
text:Islam is a cult and not a religion. They rape children, enslave and murder people, attack our values, and there is nothing good about it. It is incompatible with our way of life.	labels:This is not true. How can you say that about 1.6 billion people?	episode_done:True
text:Islam is a cult and not a religion. They rape children, enslave and murder people, attack our values, and there is nothing good about it. It is incompatible with our way of life.	labels:Biased media coverage over-represents Muslims as committing these crimes. How much media attention does the Vatican's child sex abuse scandal got in comparison?	episode_done:True
text:Islam is a cult and not a religion. They rape children, enslave and murder people, attack our values, and there is nothing good about it. It is incompatible with our way of life.	labels:The demonisation of the Muslim community is the real problem here. Comments like this are the catalysts that drive chasms across our communities, not Islam.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is a cult and not a religion. They rape children, enslave and murder people, attack our values, and there is nothing good about it. It is incompatible with our way of life.	labels:Fake news and fear mongering does not help anyone, when you are ready for a rational discussion on stopping child rape, slavery or murders get in touch.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is a cult and not a religion. They rape children, enslave and murder people, attack our values, and there is nothing good about it. It is incompatible with our way of life.	labels:Islam, Christianity and Judaism are all closely linked with love and peace at their heart, together we can end child rape, slavery and murder.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is a cult and not a religion. They rape children, enslave and murder people, attack our values, and there is nothing good about it. It is incompatible with our way of life.	labels:[link to Muslim group cleaning Newcastle streets after New Year's celebrations] really?	episode_done:True
text:Islam is a cult and not a religion. They rape children, enslave and murder people, attack our values, and there is nothing good about it. It is incompatible with our way of life.	labels:And yet most child rape, enslavement and murders are carried out by white people if you are serious about this stop scapegoating and let's deal with the real problem.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is a cult and not a religion. They rape children, enslave and murder people, attack our values, and there is nothing good about it. It is incompatible with our way of life.	labels:Islam has also given our world many benefits, such as mathematics and architecture. It is impossible to take it out of our life!	episode_done:True
text:Islam is a cult and not a religion. They rape children, enslave and murder people, attack our values, and there is nothing good about it. It is incompatible with our way of life.	labels:Rape, enslavement, and murder are all common occurrences in the Bible. Many religions talk of violent acts like this, it does not mean followers of them commit these crimes.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is a cult and not a religion. They rape children, enslave and murder people, attack our values, and there is nothing good about it. It is incompatible with our way of life.	labels:The myth that Muslims are dangerous and violent is a product of our vilifying media. Don't believe everything you read.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is a cult and not a religion. They rape children, enslave and murder people, attack our values, and there is nothing good about it. It is incompatible with our way of life.	labels:I think you are confusing Islam with the crusades.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is a cult and not a religion. They rape children, enslave and murder people, attack our values, and there is nothing good about it. It is incompatible with our way of life.	labels:You are generalizing too much. Christian people are also known to rape children and murder people! But we know that such cases are exceptions and not a rule. I think the same is true about Muslims.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is a cult and not a religion. They rape children, enslave and murder people, attack our values, and there is nothing good about it. It is incompatible with our way of life.	labels:I thought 'our way of life' was about tolerance, universal human rights and freedoms, including the freedom of worship?	episode_done:True
text:Islam is a cult and not a religion. They rape children, enslave and murder people, attack our values, and there is nothing good about it. It is incompatible with our way of life.	labels:There are criminals, who are from UK, raping children and murdering people. Maybe it better we should first focus on these cases and think how we could decrease the number of crimes.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is a cult and not a religion. They rape children, enslave and murder people, attack our values, and there is nothing good about it. It is incompatible with our way of life.	labels:Pretending Islam is not a religion or that evil people do not exist in any other faith just does not help let's get real and tackle child abuse and slavery everywhere.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is a cult and not a religion. They rape children, enslave and murder people, attack our values, and there is nothing good about it. It is incompatible with our way of life.	labels:Let's have a crusade. Except did not the last one lead to child rape, enslavement and murder?	episode_done:True
text:Islam is a cult and not a religion. They rape children, enslave and murder people, attack our values, and there is nothing good about it. It is incompatible with our way of life.	labels:Muslims aren't rapists or murderers, in fact many Muslims are doing good things to fight the extremists falsely appropriating Islam: https://5pillarsuk.com/2019/01/03/muslim-woman-praised-for-aiding-victims-of-new-years-eve-terror-attack-in-manchester/.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is not a peaceful religion and does not produce the best of men. It denounces women and encourages crimes. Criminals are not all of a certain race or religion, but one race and religion produces criminals.	labels:Today, in many Muslim-majority community, women receive equal, even higher in some places, treatment as men. For example, many women work as scientists, engineers, lawyers, etc.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is not a peaceful religion and does not produce the best of men. It denounces women and encourages crimes. Criminals are not all of a certain race or religion, but one race and religion produces criminals.	labels:This religion also produces great artists, philosophers, historians, politicians, scientists! The proportion of criminals is present in every society.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is not a peaceful religion and does not produce the best of men. It denounces women and encourages crimes. Criminals are not all of a certain race or religion, but one race and religion produces criminals.	labels:In fact, there are some verses in Quran advocate women's right. Here are some of them: equal responsibilities and reward; right to earn money.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is not a peaceful religion and does not produce the best of men. It denounces women and encourages crimes. Criminals are not all of a certain race or religion, but one race and religion produces criminals.	labels:I am curious where did you get those thoughts from. The truth is that Islamic teachings criticize violence and crime.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is not a peaceful religion and does not produce the best of men. It denounces women and encourages crimes. Criminals are not all of a certain race or religion, but one race and religion produces criminals.	labels:You seem to be suggesting that 22% of the world's population are 'criminal' or 'bad' simply by following a faith that teaches that 'God does not love the aggressors.'?	episode_done:True
text:The world would be a better place without Muslims. They are only killing and raping our children.	labels:The world would be a better place without your intolerance, it only creates a divided, toxic society.	episode_done:True
text:The world would be a better place without Muslims. They are only killing and raping our children.	labels:Watch the news, the Popes just acknowledged abuse of Nuns by priests is rife, has called for paedophiles in the clergy to turn themselves in. The problem is society not restricted to anyone religion.	episode_done:True
text:The world would be a better place without Muslims. They are only killing and raping our children.	labels:A select few extreme Muslims commit crimes like these but they are not any more common in Islam than they are in any other religion.	episode_done:True
text:The world would be a better place without Muslims. They are only killing and raping our children.	labels:I am tired of all the scapegoating and a complete failure to look closer to home or really listen to children when it comes to their protection. Find out what is really going on #InquiryCSA #Truthproject.	episode_done:True
text:The world would be a better place without Muslims. They are only killing and raping our children.	labels:The world would actually be a very dark place without Muslims who contribute a lot to our society. What about our Muslim, doctors, scientists, philanthropists, actors, job-creators.	episode_done:True
text:The world would be a better place without Muslims. They are only killing and raping our children.	labels:It wasn't Muslims protecting Jimmy Saville or Gary Glitter, how many more public figures will we find? It wasn't Muslims turning a blind eye to those in the Church in Ireland or the Vatican. Let's route out child abuse everywhere and not just scapegoat.	episode_done:True
text:The world would be a better place without Muslims. They are only killing and raping our children.	labels:Stats show Muslims are more likely to be victims of crime, not perpetrators. This kind of sentiment is false only serves to fuel hate crime against Muslims.	episode_done:True
text:The world would be a better place without Muslims. They are only killing and raping our children.	labels:The world would be a better place if people were more tolerant to each other.	episode_done:True
text:The world would be a better place without Muslims. They are only killing and raping our children.	labels:Most children abuse is by someone they know, a relative, family friend, sports coach, some one in a position of trust and authority. If you really cared about children check your facts instead of creating distractions.	episode_done:True
text:The world would be a better place without Muslims. They are only killing and raping our children.	labels:According to the CEOP, white men make up 100 per cent of recorded 'Type 2' group abusers, who target children because of a longstanding paedophilic interest. By your standard, we should get rid of them too.	episode_done:True
text:The world would be a better place without Muslims. They are only killing and raping our children.	labels:What exactly are you suggesting?	episode_done:True
text:The world would be a better place without Muslims. They are only killing and raping our children.	labels:No most are hard working honest people like every other religion and most abuse is from family or friends or within an institution. Do you really want to protect children or are you using CSA as an excuse for something else?	episode_done:True
text:The world would be a better place without Muslims. They are only killing and raping our children.	labels:Killing and raping are forbidden sins in Islam same as every other religion. So yeah if people in all religions stopped that, the world would be a better place.	episode_done:True
text:The world would be a better place without Muslims. They are only killing and raping our children.	labels:Most child abusers in the UK are white men so by your logic the world would be a better place without white men?	episode_done:True
text:The world would be a better place without Muslims. They are only killing and raping our children.	labels:Inciting genocide is a crime under international law.	episode_done:True
text:The world would be a better place without Muslims. They are only killing and raping our children.	labels:In the UK, grooming gangs and their perpetrators are majorly White.	episode_done:True
text:The world would be a better place without Muslims. They are only killing and raping our children.	labels:There is a problem in every community, what are you doing to stop it in yours?	episode_done:True
text:The world would be a better place without Muslims. They are only killing and raping our children.	labels:The world would be a better place without prejudice and hate mongers. Why not do something that could really help children and support #truthproject.	episode_done:True
text:The world would be a better place without Muslims. They are only killing and raping our children.	labels:Many Muslims have engaged in protests to demonstrate their upset and disgust regarding the various grooming gangs scandals in the UK.	episode_done:True
text:The world would be a better place without Muslims. They are only killing and raping our children.	labels:More of our children are killed by cars, assaulted by people they know or in positions of trust like sports coach, church or authority figure. Its horrible but if we really want to protect children start there. #truthproject.	episode_done:True
text:The world would be a better place without Muslims. They are only killing and raping our children.	labels:This is disgusting. How can you say this about hundreds of millions of people?	episode_done:True
text:The world would be a better place without Muslims. They are only killing and raping our children.	labels:A very small percentage of Muslims commit those sins, same as any other religion. Cant generalize it to Muslims who abide by the peaceful teachings of Islam.	episode_done:True
text:The world would be a better place without Muslims. They are only killing and raping our children.	labels:The world would be a better place without such ungrounded sayings and misdirected hate.	episode_done:True
text:The world would be a better place without Muslims. They are only killing and raping our children.	labels:Horrific crimes of child sexual abuse and rape are not isolated to a single religion, and are tragically widespread in many societies across the globe.	episode_done:True
text:The world would be a better place without Muslims. They are only killing and raping our children.	labels:The vast majority of Muslims do not condone violence or rape. Don't believe the sensationalist media stories that focus on a select few extreme cases, and under-report on non-muslim crimes.	episode_done:True
text:The world would be a better place without Muslims. They are only killing and raping our children.	labels:Are you purposely trying to avoid good news stories about Muslim?	episode_done:True
text:People go to prison for just words against Muslims, but Islamic crimes against Europeans are left unpunished. People are banned from UK for just words, but Muslim rapists are allowed to enter. English laws persecute us instead of defending us, English people.	labels:The law is to protect and defend people, as well as regulate behavior in a society, so does English law. Words hurt. If a Brit person hurts others, it is logical to get punishment.	episode_done:True
text:People go to prison for just words against Muslims, but Islamic crimes against Europeans are left unpunished. People are banned from UK for just words, but Muslim rapists are allowed to enter. English laws persecute us instead of defending us, English people.	labels:Black people get stopped by the police for no reason other than being black. Muslims get surveyed by PREVENT just for being Muslim. Anyone would think English law has been persecuting Muslims for hundreds of years.	episode_done:True
text:People go to prison for just words against Muslims, but Islamic crimes against Europeans are left unpunished. People are banned from UK for just words, but Muslim rapists are allowed to enter. English laws persecute us instead of defending us, English people.	labels:Can you give a link to the report about people in prison for criticizing Muslims? I cannot believe it until I see official data.	episode_done:True
text:People go to prison for just words against Muslims, but Islamic crimes against Europeans are left unpunished. People are banned from UK for just words, but Muslim rapists are allowed to enter. English laws persecute us instead of defending us, English people.	labels:Evidence for this? All crime and hatred is wrong.	episode_done:True
text:People go to prison for just words against Muslims, but Islamic crimes against Europeans are left unpunished. People are banned from UK for just words, but Muslim rapists are allowed to enter. English laws persecute us instead of defending us, English people.	labels:Where did you get this information from? I do not believe any crime would be free from judge. We should have more failth in English laws and people who execute the laws.	episode_done:True
text:People go to prison for just words against Muslims, but Islamic crimes against Europeans are left unpunished. People are banned from UK for just words, but Muslim rapists are allowed to enter. English laws persecute us instead of defending us, English people.	labels:So you feel like you have been persecuted for belonging to a group? Maybe you have more in common with Muslims than you think!	episode_done:True
text:People go to prison for just words against Muslims, but Islamic crimes against Europeans are left unpunished. People are banned from UK for just words, but Muslim rapists are allowed to enter. English laws persecute us instead of defending us, English people.	labels:Is it just words? Things I see in my life do not correspond with this opinion. To me it seems that all people are equally punished for crimes, be it a European person or an immigrant. Also, it is not correct to deny people entry based on their nationality.	episode_done:True
text:People go to prison for just words against Muslims, but Islamic crimes against Europeans are left unpunished. People are banned from UK for just words, but Muslim rapists are allowed to enter. English laws persecute us instead of defending us, English people.	labels:Actually, the over-representation of Muslims as terrorists has led to them being stopped and searched, and targeted by agendas like PREVENT disproportionately, not for 'just words' but for just being Muslims. Https://theconversation.com/prevent-counter-terrorism-strategy-remains-unfair-on-british-muslims-despite-home-office-efforts-108779.	episode_done:True
text:Our government has allowed in this islamic filth: machete attacks, women exploitation, gang rapes, killings. How dare they?	labels:Machete attacks, rapes and killings have nothing to do with Islam in general. Bad people are met in every society. Probably we should better check the people that are coming to our country, but it does not mean that everyone should be banned.	episode_done:True
text:Our government has allowed in this islamic filth: machete attacks, women exploitation, gang rapes, killings. How dare they?	labels:The government has not allowed any crimes. Instead, they are working on it. Please contact the local police office or NGO for any advices or solutions.	episode_done:True
text:Our government has allowed in this islamic filth: machete attacks, women exploitation, gang rapes, killings. How dare they?	labels:Are seriously suggesting these things did not happen until we invited people from the Indan sub-continent to come and work in our mills and factories?	episode_done:True
text:Thousands of British girls are raped, enslaved or murdered by Muslims and other non-British immigants. Woe to thee!	labels:Do you know that domestic violence is even a bigger problem in our society? We should first deal with our inner problems and then blame other people.	episode_done:True
text:Thousands of British girls are raped, enslaved or murdered by Muslims and other non-British immigants. Woe to thee!	labels:This is a sad statistics. Our society should do as much as it can to prevent such crimes. However, it is not true that immigrants are to blame. Statistics shows that there are much more rapists among the natives. After all, they are at home here.	episode_done:True
text:Thousands of British girls are raped, enslaved or murdered by Muslims and other non-British immigants. Woe to thee!	labels:Please also notice that huge numbers of girls and children experience domestic sexual abuse by a partner or family member. Girls and children are vulnerable. We should encourage people to help victims and prevent sexual crimes.	episode_done:True
text:Thousands of British girls are raped, enslaved or murdered by Muslims and other non-British immigants. Woe to thee!	labels:Evidence please? This is just hatred.	episode_done:True
text:People who criticize Islam and its traits in our country - rape gangs and terrorism - are being banned, but this will not end well. People are driven to the right - the only ones who can openly talk about it!	labels:Right wing is earning popularity by blaming Muslims for crimes, but it does not mean that it is actually true.	episode_done:True
text:People who criticize Islam and its traits in our country - rape gangs and terrorism - are being banned, but this will not end well. People are driven to the right - the only ones who can openly talk about it!	labels:Hatred cannot be openly discussed and must be countered.	episode_done:True
text:People who criticize Islam and its traits in our country - rape gangs and terrorism - are being banned, but this will not end well. People are driven to the right - the only ones who can openly talk about it!	labels:I think people are banned is because they create insulting behavior and fear, which should be stopped. Besides, the majority of Muslims who follow Islam are kind people. Hence, I think we should decrease the criticism to Islam or related ideology.	episode_done:True
text:People who criticize Islam and its traits in our country - rape gangs and terrorism - are being banned, but this will not end well. People are driven to the right - the only ones who can openly talk about it!	labels:It is true that people are driven to the right, and the right promote this view. But I did not hear about any people being banned for criticism. Rapism and terrorism are discussed in our society and Muslim society and no one makes anyone silent.	episode_done:True
text:This is our import for the last 30 years: muslim rapists, halal, corruption, terrorism, polygamy, sharia. Why are we doing this?	labels:That is not true. Most of immigrants, inculding Muslims, in UK contribut themselves more than and receive less than they should.	episode_done:True
text:This is our import for the last 30 years: muslim rapists, halal, corruption, terrorism, polygamy, sharia. Why are we doing this?	labels:We also import people from different cultures and backgrounds that enrich our society. You cannot say that all the immigrants are rapists and terrorists.	episode_done:True
text:Islamists / Moslems have mastered the corrupt art of playing the victim and blaming other cultures for the violent beliefs taught in their main books.	labels:Given that the vast majority of Muslims live peaceful, normal lives, not fueled by violence, it looks like the problem is in fact with cultures and individual's attitudes.	episode_done:True
text:Islamists / Moslems have mastered the corrupt art of playing the victim and blaming other cultures for the violent beliefs taught in their main books.	labels:How many times have you read their main book? There is no blaming other cultures or instructions to violence its a myth, like most false news, lies or a few bits twisted and taken out of context.	episode_done:True
text:Islamists / Moslems have mastered the corrupt art of playing the victim and blaming other cultures for the violent beliefs taught in their main books.	labels:Stop and search disproportionately targets ethnic minorities, looks to me like institutional racism is fuelling this culture of hate.	episode_done:True
text:Islamists / Moslems have mastered the corrupt art of playing the victim and blaming other cultures for the violent beliefs taught in their main books.	labels:Err, I think you have got this victim thing down quite well.	episode_done:True
text:Islamists / Moslems have mastered the corrupt art of playing the victim and blaming other cultures for the violent beliefs taught in their main books.	labels:The far right have mastered the corrupt art of playing the victim and blaming other cultures for the violent beliefs taught in their main books.	episode_done:True
text:Islamists / Moslems have mastered the corrupt art of playing the victim and blaming other cultures for the violent beliefs taught in their main books.	labels:Violence is actually more common in the Bible than in the Qur'an. (link to Independent article about analysis of both books finding this). That noted, violence exists within and without religion.	episode_done:True
text:Islamists / Moslems have mastered the corrupt art of playing the victim and blaming other cultures for the violent beliefs taught in their main books.	labels:How have you come to this conclusion?	episode_done:True
text:Islamists / Moslems have mastered the corrupt art of playing the victim and blaming other cultures for the violent beliefs taught in their main books.	labels:Maybe hostile, discriminatory comments like this aren't helping.	episode_done:True
text:Islamists / Moslems have mastered the corrupt art of playing the victim and blaming other cultures for the violent beliefs taught in their main books.	labels:Individuals have always used religion as an excuse to justify violent acts but it has never been the cause. Islam is no different.	episode_done:True
text:Islamists / Moslems have mastered the corrupt art of playing the victim and blaming other cultures for the violent beliefs taught in their main books.	labels:Playing the victim and blaming other cultures for violence? Sounds like a far-right tactic to me.	episode_done:True
text:Islamists / Moslems have mastered the corrupt art of playing the victim and blaming other cultures for the violent beliefs taught in their main books.	labels:Or maybe they actually ARE the victims of discrimination and biased negative media coverage spreading false stereotypes.	episode_done:True
text:Islamists / Moslems have mastered the corrupt art of playing the victim and blaming other cultures for the violent beliefs taught in their main books.	labels:Violence is apparent in all religious books. Can Christianity be blamed for inciting it in the old testament?	episode_done:True
text:Islamists / Moslems have mastered the corrupt art of playing the victim and blaming other cultures for the violent beliefs taught in their main books.	labels:From your spiel about 'Moslems' it seems you have not mastered the art of spelling.	episode_done:True
text:Islamists / Moslems have mastered the corrupt art of playing the victim and blaming other cultures for the violent beliefs taught in their main books.	labels:There are already Muslim groups working to counter extremism, rather than 'playing the victim', they're the ones doing the work.	episode_done:True
text:Islamists / Moslems have mastered the corrupt art of playing the victim and blaming other cultures for the violent beliefs taught in their main books.	labels:Studies have shown that CVs submitted under a non Muslim name are three times more likely to be offered an interview than those with a Muslim name attached.	episode_done:True
text:Islamists / Moslems have mastered the corrupt art of playing the victim and blaming other cultures for the violent beliefs taught in their main books.	labels:Muslim's face huge amounts of discrimination and prejudice everyday the evidence is incontrovertible and yet most just keep going and working hard, its not playing the victim.	episode_done:True
text:Islamists / Moslems have mastered the corrupt art of playing the victim and blaming other cultures for the violent beliefs taught in their main books.	labels:What is that? Sounds like you are blaming another culture and feeling like a victim.	episode_done:True
text:Islamists / Moslems have mastered the corrupt art of playing the victim and blaming other cultures for the violent beliefs taught in their main books.	labels:Muslims really are the victims of many far-right terrorist and hate-motivated attacks, which are encouraged by conspiracy theories like this. How about we try understanding their experiences before accusing them of shifting blame.	episode_done:True
text:It is time for us to take Islam for what it is. A murderous cult that should be exterminated, and that is the end of it.	labels:There's more in Islam than death and terror. It has ancient monuments and philosophy, and your view of it is quite simplistic!	episode_done:True
text:It is time for us to take Islam for what it is. A murderous cult that should be exterminated, and that is the end of it.	labels:This feels like a 'Final solution' to me. Are you seriously suggesting the extermination of, what, 5% of the UK population? Get a grip.	episode_done:True
text:It is time for us to take Islam for what it is. A murderous cult that should be exterminated, and that is the end of it.	labels:Has history taught you nothing about this level of hatred?	episode_done:True
text:It is time for us to take Islam for what it is. A murderous cult that should be exterminated, and that is the end of it.	labels:This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith? Just hatred.	episode_done:True
text:It is time for us to take Islam for what it is. A murderous cult that should be exterminated, and that is the end of it.	labels:What Islam truely is is a religion criticizes violence and encourages love among people. Even British people might commit crimes. Extermination is the same action as crime. We should think of a better way to combat crime and hate wordly.	episode_done:True
text:Islam opposes creativity, since all that is needed is the Koran. It is not a religion, but a system of control.	labels:Well, apart from a rich tradition of calligraphy, abstract and geometric art work, architecture, landscape gardening, music, poetry, ceramics, to name a few?	episode_done:True
text:Islam opposes creativity, since all that is needed is the Koran. It is not a religion, but a system of control.	labels:Don't all religions play a significant role in organizing and directing social life, acting as agents for socialisation and social control?	episode_done:True
text:The myth is that Islam is an alternative culture, but the truth is that it a barbarism, an ideology similar to Nazism.	labels:Do you have knowledge of the history of Islam? Do you know their values for sure (not from social media)? I guess not. Then first become an expert and then judge!	episode_done:True
text:The myth is that Islam is an alternative culture, but the truth is that it a barbarism, an ideology similar to Nazism.	labels:No. A religion of 1.6 billion people is not the same as Nazism and it is ignorant to say so.	episode_done:True
text:The myth is that Islam is an alternative culture, but the truth is that it a barbarism, an ideology similar to Nazism.	labels:That is a very serious charge. Could you share how you form this thought and how you receive this information? The truth is that Islam encourages people care for others and criticizes violence.	episode_done:True
text:A Muslim's only real allegiance is to Allah (as a comment in relation to election for public office etc.)	labels:Being religious has never stopped anyone from being in public office before. Christians have allegiance to God, is that not the same thing?	episode_done:True
text:A Muslim's only real allegiance is to Allah (as a comment in relation to election for public office etc.)	labels:No, a person can be religious and have multiple allegiances and responsibilies.	episode_done:True
text:A Muslim's only real allegiance is to Allah (as a comment in relation to election for public office etc.)	labels:But that does not at all undermine their contribution to public good and society, his allegiance is his own business.	episode_done:True
text:A Muslim's only real allegiance is to Allah (as a comment in relation to election for public office etc.)	labels:Any person of (any) faith would understand that our responsibilities towards tolerance, peace and justice is paramount. If you have a faith I am shocked that you would question it.	episode_done:True
text:A Muslim's only real allegiance is to Allah (as a comment in relation to election for public office etc.)	labels:Islam shares the same roots as Christianity and Judaism and all are based on love, tolerance and peace, so that is a good thing isn't it.	episode_done:True
text:A Muslim's only real allegiance is to Allah (as a comment in relation to election for public office etc.)	labels:So their faith and belief in the teachings of God guides them to a virtuous path of public service. What exactly are you complaining about?	episode_done:True
text:A Muslim's only real allegiance is to Allah (as a comment in relation to election for public office etc.)	labels:So you are saying that we should only allow non-religious people into public office?	episode_done:True
text:A Muslim's only real allegiance is to Allah (as a comment in relation to election for public office etc.)	labels:We are all doing our best for our country under God.	episode_done:True
text:A Muslim's only real allegiance is to Allah (as a comment in relation to election for public office etc.)	labels:Looks like you are suggesting that politicians should not be religious.	episode_done:True
text:A Muslim's only real allegiance is to Allah (as a comment in relation to election for public office etc.)	labels:Are you suggesting we should not be democratic? Or that public office is not won by merit, hard work and excellence. Perhaps we should try nepotism?	episode_done:True
text:If they love Sharia law so much, why do not they go off and live in a Muslim country?	labels:If you dislike diversity so much, why do not you go off and live in a country where there are no Muslims, only people like you?	episode_done:True
text:If they love Sharia law so much, why do not they go off and live in a Muslim country?	labels:Sharia law says to respect the law of the land you are in, seems to me like they're just fine here.	episode_done:True
text:If they love Sharia law so much, why do not they go off and live in a Muslim country?	labels:Because many Muslims were born here and have every right to live in this country. Next question please?	episode_done:True
text:If they love Sharia law so much, why do not they go off and live in a Muslim country?	labels:Sharia 'law' does not really correspond to our idea of statutes or judicial precedents; rather, it is a body of guidance from the Quran with many interpretations.	episode_done:True
text:If they love Sharia law so much, why do not they go off and live in a Muslim country?	labels:Can somebody not love their faith and their country (UK)?	episode_done:True
text:Islam is just a moon cult masquerading as a religion.	labels:How can you say such an offensive statement about a religion of 1.6 billion people from all walks of life?	episode_done:True
text:Islam is just a moon cult masquerading as a religion.	labels:What does that even mean?	episode_done:True
text:Islam is just a moon cult masquerading as a religion.	labels:What makes Islam any less valid than any other religion?	episode_done:True
text:Islam is just a moon cult masquerading as a religion.	labels:Mate. Moon cult?? What? Tbh sounds pretty harmless to me.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is just a moon cult masquerading as a religion.	labels:Sounds like you think they came from the moon. I have to say, I am sceptical.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is just a moon cult masquerading as a religion.	labels:Pretty impressive 'cult' to have produced 12 Nobel Prize winners.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is just a moon cult masquerading as a religion.	labels:Yes, a 'moon cult' that has been around for thousands of years, has holy books, formed the basis for many early and modern societies. Sounds a lot like any other real religion to me?	episode_done:True
text:Most religions cause death and despair, but Islam is the worst and cruelest of them all, it is nothing but trouble.	labels:There's league table?	episode_done:True
text:Most religions cause death and despair, but Islam is the worst and cruelest of them all, it is nothing but trouble.	labels:Before making judgement, do you understand what Islam and its history are?	episode_done:True
text:Most religions cause death and despair, but Islam is the worst and cruelest of them all, it is nothing but trouble.	labels:Religions also promote arts, sciences, help to develop the community. Islam is not an exception. It is not about death and despair.	episode_done:True
text:Most religions cause death and despair, but Islam is the worst and cruelest of them all, it is nothing but trouble.	labels:This is not true. Why do you think this?	episode_done:True
text:Most religions cause death and despair, but Islam is the worst and cruelest of them all, it is nothing but trouble.	labels:Anyone can locate some aspects they do not like in a religion, but to say that one is nothing but trouble is a bit too much, do not you think so?	episode_done:True
text:Most religions cause death and despair, but Islam is the worst and cruelest of them all, it is nothing but trouble.	labels:How does a religion cause death? Sounds a bit extreme, no?!	episode_done:True
text:Most religions cause death and despair, but Islam is the worst and cruelest of them all, it is nothing but trouble.	labels:What makes you think that? Besides, I am sure Islam is more than just trouble.	episode_done:True
text:Most religions cause death and despair, but Islam is the worst and cruelest of them all, it is nothing but trouble.	labels:There are many religions and it is hard to compare them. However, I guess Islam has not that many traits that would make it the cruelest.	episode_done:True
text:Most religions cause death and despair, but Islam is the worst and cruelest of them all, it is nothing but trouble.	labels:Can I suggest that some of the cruelest acts in human history have been committed the name of politics just as much as the various faiths, and that this is more about what it is to be 'human' than any aspect of 'divinity'?	episode_done:True
text:All versions of Islam have sharia law, thus, they are all extreme. Not all Muslims are engaged in actual violences, but every Muslim knows that jihad is the core of their religion, and they all support it.	labels:Dear friend, first of all, sharia law and Isalam are not extreme. Sharia law is a guidance for the goal of leading humanity close to God and live in kindness and justice with God's creation. Seond of all, jihad, based on the concept of Muslim, means struggle for the advancement of oneself within the guidelines of Islam. All these reveal that Islam is a peaceful religion.	episode_done:True
text:All versions of Islam have sharia law, thus, they are all extreme. Not all Muslims are engaged in actual violences, but every Muslim knows that jihad is the core of their religion, and they all support it.	labels:Don't most religions have instuctions for what they deem to be 'rightous living', voluntary codes or law's (if you insist) for the faithful to follow. Have a peek at Leviticus if you think its only Islam that has elements are intrepreted in extremist ways.	episode_done:True
text:All versions of Islam have sharia law, thus, they are all extreme. Not all Muslims are engaged in actual violences, but every Muslim knows that jihad is the core of their religion, and they all support it.	labels:Have you asked every single Muslim about their opinion? I suppose not. Then please do not speak for everybody!	episode_done:True
text:All versions of Islam have sharia law, thus, they are all extreme. Not all Muslims are engaged in actual violences, but every Muslim knows that jihad is the core of their religion, and they all support it.	labels:But like any religous concept, 'Jihad' is interpreted in all sorts of ways. Afterall, for Christians, 'Fighting the Good fight' does not have to be a literal instruction. When I was at school, they called this a 'metaphor'.	episode_done:True
text:All versions of Islam have sharia law, thus, they are all extreme. Not all Muslims are engaged in actual violences, but every Muslim knows that jihad is the core of their religion, and they all support it.	labels:You are looking at Sharia's law from the position of a Western person. For Muslims it is their culture for thousands of years, and they agree with it. Please do not impose your opinion on other people!	episode_done:True
text:A recent poll confirm a thrid of Britons believe there is a 'fundamental clash' between Islam and 'British values'.	labels:Therefore, 62% of Britons see no incompatibility between Islam and 'British values'.	episode_done:True
text:A recent poll confirm a thrid of Britons believe there is a 'fundamental clash' between Islam and 'British values'.	labels:A reassuringly positive poll, despite the negative spin you managed to put on it.	episode_done:True
text:A recent poll confirm a thrid of Britons believe there is a 'fundamental clash' between Islam and 'British values'.	labels:Did anyone identify what 'British values' are, or are we all still just making it up tas we go along. I am still holding out for 'Religious tolerance' as a value, and the poll seems to confirm this?	episode_done:True
text:Hijab means Islam, Islam means woman and child oppression, rapism, intolerance, chauvinism. I do not like hijab and everything else that follows!	labels:Muslim women actually find it nice to wear hijab. It is your right not to like it, but you should not impose your views on everyone else.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is just a nasty stain on humanity.	labels:No. A faith of 1.6 billion people from all walks of life helps make up humanity.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is just a nasty stain on humanity.	labels:Imho the stain is from those individuals who love to stereotype, discriminate and dehumanise who groups of people.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is just a nasty stain on humanity.	labels:Without Islam and it is scholars, humanity would not have Maths, Science, or any of the other areas of knowledge that colonisers stole, claimed as their own then based western development on.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is just a nasty stain on humanity.	labels:26% of all doctors in the NHS are Asian or British/Asian. Seems like the 'stain' is saving our lives.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is just a nasty stain on humanity.	labels:Far right extremism is just a nasty stain on humanity.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is just a nasty stain on humanity.	labels:Islamic cultures have shaped for the better our science, arts and medicine. Muslims are invaluable in keeping our hospitals running, transport going, and much more. Which of those would you like to get rid of?	episode_done:True
text:Islam is just a nasty stain on humanity.	labels:I would not say the many Muslim doctors, soldiers, humanitarians, scientists, and rights advocates are a nasty stain on humanity. Generalised hate like this, however, is.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is just a nasty stain on humanity.	labels:Hatred generalised to an entire religion sounds like a much worse product of humanity.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is just a nasty stain on humanity.	labels:British Muslims give more to charity than any other religious group, I'd call that a pillar of our society.	episode_done:True
text:A recent YouGov survey shows that Westerners view islam less favourably than other religions, deeming it incompatible with Western values.	labels:The horrors of Daish aside, its hardly surprising, given the simplistic, and almost totally negative respresentations of Islam proliferating in both online and offline media. A bit of a self fulfilling prophecy really.	episode_done:True
text:A recent YouGov survey shows that Westerners view islam less favourably than other religions, deeming it incompatible with Western values.	labels:I suppose we have to look at how opinions and beliefs are shaped and infuenced by reading almost exclusively negative stories of the followers of Islam.	episode_done:True
text:A recent YouGov survey shows that Westerners view islam less favourably than other religions, deeming it incompatible with Western values.	labels:Isn't this the result of the conflation of the the 'actions' of some people professing a faith in Islam, with the religion itself. In Christian terms, this would be like judging Catholicism on the basis of the behaviour of a handful of the clergy.	episode_done:True
text:He has found a person who publicly critisizes Islam and muslim radicalism, as all western people hate Islam.	labels:Muslim radicalism is one thing, and generalizations about all Muslims is another thing. It is not right to generalize about all the Muslims and state that 'we hate them all!'.	episode_done:True
text:He has found a person who publicly critisizes Islam and muslim radicalism, as all western people hate Islam.	labels:Who are 'all'? You cannot decide for all people, you cannot decide what is my opinion, that is rude.	episode_done:True
text:He has found a person who publicly critisizes Islam and muslim radicalism, as all western people hate Islam.	labels:My friend, I do not think all western people hate Islam. Statistics showed that France, Germany and elsewhere in Northern Europe view Muslims favorably.	episode_done:True
text:He has found a person who publicly critisizes Islam and muslim radicalism, as all western people hate Islam.	labels:I think that is a stereotype mainly as a result of people know little about Islam and Muslims.	episode_done:True
text:He has found a person who publicly critisizes Islam and muslim radicalism, as all western people hate Islam.	labels:I know western people who do not hate Islam, thus, your statement is not true.	episode_done:True
text:He has found a person who publicly critisizes Islam and muslim radicalism, as all western people hate Islam.	labels:This is not true.	episode_done:True
text:If the Koran was published today it would be banned as hate speech.	labels:Mate, you know Islam means peace. I do not really think a religion born from peace preaches hate speech.	episode_done:True
text:If the Koran was published today it would be banned as hate speech.	labels:Is it the compulsory acts of charity? Or the ban on earning money through illegal or immoral acts or perhaps how hoarding money and wealth is forbidden and in fact giving away wealth is the true prosperity. Just which of those are you worried about?	episode_done:True
text:If the Koran was published today it would be banned as hate speech.	labels:What you have just said is hate speech.	episode_done:True
text:If the Koran was published today it would be banned as hate speech.	labels:When was the last time you read any holy book? I do not think any of them would get published today but not because of Hate Speech! Without faith they're just not great reads!	episode_done:True
text:If the Koran was published today it would be banned as hate speech.	labels:So would the Bible, the Torah, etc.	episode_done:True
text:If the Koran was published today it would be banned as hate speech.	labels:A book published thousands of years ago does not fit with today's standards of tolerance and acceptance? Shocking!	episode_done:True
text:If the Koran was published today it would be banned as hate speech.	labels:The real problem here is the amount of Islamophobic hate speech that Muslims face, not the book which their beliefs are based on. That is the hate which is having real and dangerous consequences.	episode_done:True
text:If the Koran was published today it would be banned as hate speech.	labels:Turns out texts that predate modern civillisation often do not hold up to today's standards for tolerance and equality. Shocking!	episode_done:True
text:If the Koran was published today it would be banned as hate speech.	labels:Any religious text can be interpreted in many ways. Fortunately, the vast majority of Muslims see Islam as a religion of peace. There are people that interpret the Bible, the Torah, etc. As inciting hate too.	episode_done:True
text:If the Koran was published today it would be banned as hate speech.	labels:Have you really read Quran? Actually Quran is not about hate speech. It teaches people to respect people and do good things.	episode_done:True
text:If the Koran was published today it would be banned as hate speech.	labels:If any religious text written thousands of years ago was published today you could say the same. Have you read the Bible's old testament?	episode_done:True
text:If the Koran was published today it would be banned as hate speech.	labels:How often have you read the Quran and thought about its teachings? Or is your knowledge based on selected highlights? We all know there are exerts like that in the Bible too.	episode_done:True
text:If the Koran was published today it would be banned as hate speech.	labels:Just as much as the Bible would. Is your point that in today's society we are all more tolerant? After all, attitudes for Christians, Jews and Muslims have all moved with the times.	episode_done:True
text:If the Koran was published today it would be banned as hate speech.	labels:I think any book written that long ago probably would.	episode_done:True
text:If the Koran was published today it would be banned as hate speech.	labels:In fact at no point does the Quran tell people to Hate or kill others. There are a lot of lies and out of context quotes floating around. It does however instruct people to behave justly towards non believers and prevents forced conversion.	episode_done:True
text:There can never be peace wherever there is Islam.	labels:According to the Institute for Economics and Peace, a think tank which has produced the Global Peace index for the past 10 years, only Botswana, Chile, Costa Rica, Japan, Mauritius, Panama, Qatar, Switzerland, Uruguay and Vietnam are free from conflict. Qatar has a sizable number of followers of Islam apparently.	episode_done:True
text:There can never be peace wherever there is Islam.	labels:Iceland and Switzerland are both named as countries at the top of the 'Global Peace index'. Both have Muslim populations.	episode_done:True
text:All Muslims are incompatible with any Western society.	labels:By Western society do you mean your narrow view of what Western society should be?	episode_done:True
text:All Muslims are incompatible with any Western society.	labels:The WE in WEstern symbolizes diversity and integration, be a true Westerner, respect others!!	episode_done:True
text:All Muslims are incompatible with any Western society.	labels:Western Society seems pretty incompatible with Western Society or any other at the moment, maybe we could learn something from Indonesia, which has been conflict free since 2005.	episode_done:True
text:All Muslims are incompatible with any Western society.	labels:Why are you so sure of this? Muslims happily live in other Western societies without any problems.	episode_done:True
text:All Muslims are incompatible with any Western society.	labels:I do not think it is possible for a group that has been a part of Western society for hundreds of years to suddenly be 'incompatible' with it. Are you sure it is not Western society's intolerance that is the problem?	episode_done:True
text:All Muslims are incompatible with any Western society.	labels:Perhaps we should stop exporting goods or buying stuff from from Islamic countries? While were at it give back their numbers, maths and architecture?	episode_done:True
text:All Muslims are incompatible with any Western society.	labels:What do you mean? Provide positive news story re islam.	episode_done:True
text:All Muslims are incompatible with any Western society.	labels:No, Muslims have a long history of migration since the 16th century to and within Europe, integrating with little issues in various European societies.	episode_done:True
text:All Muslims are incompatible with any Western society.	labels:The Bible the Quran and the Torah are very very similar in their teachings; if Muslims are incompatible then we must ask ourselves which religions are compatible?	episode_done:True
text:All Muslims are incompatible with any Western society.	labels:Did you know that Muslims introduced universities to Europe? So the knowledge Western societies are built on.	episode_done:True
text:All Muslims are incompatible with any Western society.	labels:Islam's teachings uphold religious and personal freedoms, are these the Western values you mean?	episode_done:True
text:All Muslims are incompatible with any Western society.	labels:I think maybe prejudice, discrimination, victimisation and a lack of basic empathy and understanding are incompatible with any Western society.	episode_done:True
text:All Muslims are incompatible with any Western society.	labels:Except when you need a taxi, a train, a doctor, an Olympic medal, great food, sounds a bit like a Monty Python sketch.	episode_done:True
text:All Muslims are incompatible with any Western society.	labels:Intolerance of other peoples religious beliefs is incompatible with Western society.	episode_done:True
text:All Muslims are incompatible with any Western society.	labels:Except the ones who save lives, teach children, support the vulnerable and feed the rest of us?	episode_done:True
text:All Muslims are incompatible with any Western society.	labels:That is an unusual thought. Muslims are human beings like the rest of us. And, as all human beings, they can integrate into any society should the need arise.	episode_done:True
text:All Muslims are incompatible with any Western society.	labels:Complete freedom, justice and democratic values. The values at the heart of Islamic faith. I think they seem reasonable.	episode_done:True
text:All Muslims are incompatible with any Western society.	labels:Yes, their teachings of peace and tolerance really are incompatible in the hate-infested discriminatory Western society nowadays.	episode_done:True
text:All Muslims are incompatible with any Western society.	labels:What makes 'all' Muslims incompatible with Western society? The vast majority of Muslims in Western society share western values of respect, freedom, tolerance, etc. There are only a few that have extremist anti-West views, these are not representative.	episode_done:True
text:All Muslims are incompatible with any Western society.	labels:Muslims have been part of Western society for centuries and centuries, they helped shape and design Western society- to say they are incompatible is a complete incongruity.	episode_done:True
text:All Muslims are incompatible with any Western society.	labels:All Muslims must respect the law of the lands in which they live as is mandated by the Qu'ran.	episode_done:True
text:All Muslims are incompatible with any Western society.	labels:Define western society? Who chooses this?	episode_done:True
text:All Muslims are incompatible with any Western society.	labels:Maybe prejudice and xenophobia are incompatible with any Western society?	episode_done:True
text:All Muslims are incompatible with any Western society.	labels:All people who share such blatant lies and hate are incompatible with any Western society.	episode_done:True
text:All Muslims are incompatible with any Western society.	labels:Millions of muslims live in western nations.	episode_done:True
text:All Muslims are incompatible with any Western society.	labels:Seems odd given that Western Society was build on the backs of the rest of the world.	episode_done:True
text:All Muslims are incompatible with any Western society.	labels:Except all of those which live and add to Western Societies.	episode_done:True
text:All Muslims are incompatible with any Western society.	labels:Who chooses who is and is not compatible with a place / society?	episode_done:True
text:All Muslims are incompatible with any Western society.	labels:Muslims must show loyalty to whatever society they reside in, as failure to do so is going against their religion and loyalty to God.	episode_done:True
text:All Muslims are incompatible with any Western society.	labels:That is why they are surgeons, doctors, teachers, entrepreneurs.	episode_done:True
text:All Muslims are incompatible with any Western society.	labels:Really? Even the surgeons, doctors and nurses that keep our NHS going? Those that keep public transport running, working families fed with take outs and corner shops, the ones winning gold medals in sports, entertainment awards and science.	episode_done:True
text:All Muslims are incompatible with any Western society.	labels:All Muslims? That is a bit of an exaggeration I would say. Do not blame an entire community for actions of a few.	episode_done:True
text:All Muslims are incompatible with any Western society.	labels:Muslims have been a part of western society for hundreds and hundreds of years and have been integral to its development, to try and separate the two is impossible.	episode_done:True
text:The only ones in favour of Islam and Muslims and the ones that that are ignorant about what it truly is.	labels:The only ones in favour of Brexit are the ones that that are ignorant about what it truly is.	episode_done:True
text:The only ones in favour of Islam and Muslims and the ones that that are ignorant about what it truly is.	labels:The only ones in favour of posts like this are the ones that that are ignorant about what they truly mean.	episode_done:True
text:The only ones in favour of Islam and Muslims and the ones that that are ignorant about what it truly is.	labels:There's definitely some ignorance here but it is not where you think it is.	episode_done:True
text:The only ones in favour of Islam and Muslims and the ones that that are ignorant about what it truly is.	labels:And tell me, how long did you spend studying the Quran? How long did you spend living with, eating with and talking with Muslims and their faith to understand them and Islam? How is it that you happen to know what Islam truly is?	episode_done:True
text:The only ones in favour of Islam and Muslims and the ones that that are ignorant about what it truly is.	labels:Yes, I am sure its followers, who devote huge amounts of time to studying the Koran and learning about Islam are in fact ignorant about what it really is. That makes sense.	episode_done:True
text:The only ones in favour of Islam and Muslims and the ones that that are ignorant about what it truly is.	labels:The only ones against Islam and Muslims are the ones that that are ignorant about what it truly is.	episode_done:True
text:The only ones in favour of Islam and Muslims and the ones that that are ignorant about what it truly is.	labels:What do you think it is then?	episode_done:True
text:The only ones in favour of Islam and Muslims and the ones that that are ignorant about what it truly is.	labels:What it really is is up for interpretation. Religions are practiced differently by different followers. Like any religion, some people follow it peacefully and some use it for their own means.	episode_done:True
text:The only ones in favour of Islam and Muslims and the ones that that are ignorant about what it truly is.	labels:Maybe the ones intolerant of Islam and Muslims are the ones that are ignorant about what it truly is?	episode_done:True
text:The only ones in favour of Islam and Muslims and the ones that that are ignorant about what it truly is.	labels:What, you mean the people who spend their lives reading, learning and practicing Islam do not know what its really about?	episode_done:True
text:The only ones in favour of Islam and Muslims and the ones that that are ignorant about what it truly is.	labels:What, a faith of hundreds of millions of people from all walks of life?	episode_done:True
text:There is no proscribed punishment for one who has sexual intercourse with an animal' Sunann Abu Dawud 38.4450.	labels:I do not think any other religious text has such a punishment. What is your point?	episode_done:True
text:There is no proscribed punishment for one who has sexual intercourse with an animal' Sunann Abu Dawud 38.4450.	labels:I feel like you are grasping at straws here with your hate speech.	episode_done:True
text:There is no proscribed punishment for one who has sexual intercourse with an animal' Sunann Abu Dawud 38.4450.	labels:Did you read the next line? It literally says the punishment and that the person who commits that 'is to be treated like a fornicator'.	episode_done:True
text:There is no proscribed punishment for one who has sexual intercourse with an animal' Sunann Abu Dawud 38.4450.	labels:What?	episode_done:True
text:Islam is just a bestial cult of brainwashed lunatics who breed like rats.	labels:Since when having family is portrayed in such dehumanizing way?	episode_done:True
text:Islam is just a bestial cult of brainwashed lunatics who breed like rats.	labels:Are you sure? 12 Muslim Nobel prize winners would suggest otherwise.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is just a bestial cult of brainwashed lunatics who breed like rats.	labels:How can you use such language to describe a religion of 1.6 billion people?	episode_done:True
text:Islam is just a bestial cult of brainwashed lunatics who breed like rats.	labels:Replace Islam with any group of people in your statement and you will see just how offensive this is.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is just a bestial cult of brainwashed lunatics who breed like rats.	labels:So, you say that highly educated Muslim doctors, researchers, teachers are brainwashed lunatics? Sorry, but you got this so wrong.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is just a bestial cult of brainwashed lunatics who breed like rats.	labels:A large proportion of NHS workers are Asian, and many Muslim. Without them we would not have a free 24/7 healthcare service.	episode_done:True
text:We must not believe the liberal and political elite. Islam is no good, its complete evil, and an ideology of war and it was always like this. All Muslims are bound to fight against us, and that is what they do through deception and violence.	labels:Muslims many times have shown how supportive they are of other communities. It does not sound to me that they want to fight against us and start a war?	episode_done:True
text:We must not believe the liberal and political elite. Islam is no good, its complete evil, and an ideology of war and it was always like this. All Muslims are bound to fight against us, and that is what they do through deception and violence.	labels:My optician seems like a nice fellow, so I wonder why you think he is likley to kick off at a moments notice.	episode_done:True
text:We must not believe the liberal and political elite. Islam is no good, its complete evil, and an ideology of war and it was always like this. All Muslims are bound to fight against us, and that is what they do through deception and violence.	labels:My dentist told me the Quran says: 'GOD does not love the aggressors.'?	episode_done:True
text:We must not believe the liberal and political elite. Islam is no good, its complete evil, and an ideology of war and it was always like this. All Muslims are bound to fight against us, and that is what they do through deception and violence.	labels:How did you make that conclusion, by observation or speculation? I personally know many Muslims and they are all very respectful, nice and kind. They also invite me for dinners.	episode_done:True
text:We must not believe the liberal and political elite. Islam is no good, its complete evil, and an ideology of war and it was always like this. All Muslims are bound to fight against us, and that is what they do through deception and violence.	labels:If you would know more about Islamic ideology, you would agree that Islam is not only about war and violence. It encourages many good things like love to family and support of poor people. You confuse Muslims in general with armed bands!	episode_done:True
text:We must not believe the liberal and political elite. Islam is no good, its complete evil, and an ideology of war and it was always like this. All Muslims are bound to fight against us, and that is what they do through deception and violence.	labels:No. This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith?	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have nothing to contribute to our society.	labels:It seems like you are saying this only because they are followers of Islam? If yes, this does not make any sense. They contribute to the society like any other individual is.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have nothing to contribute to our society.	labels:Muslims contribute much to the UK, through their hard work and charitable activities.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have nothing to contribute to our society.	labels:Try running the NHS without them and other migrants!	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have nothing to contribute to our society.	labels:Provide positive news story regarding Mulsims.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have nothing to contribute to our society.	labels:Muslims have an excellent academic record, with many well-known Doctors and Professors.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have nothing to contribute to our society.	labels:A part from all the police officers, teachers, nurses etc. Who identify as muslim?	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have nothing to contribute to our society.	labels:True, nothing except 31 billion pounds to the economy and 70,000 jobs through Muslim-owned firms in London alone.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have nothing to contribute to our society.	labels:How have you come to this decision?	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have nothing to contribute to our society.	labels:Who else would be open first thing in the morning and late at night every night?	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have nothing to contribute to our society.	labels:That is why they're surgeons, doctors, teachers, entrepreneurs.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have nothing to contribute to our society.	labels:Muslims donate more to charity than any other group, contribute more than 30 billion pounds to the UK economy and make up a significant part of our NHS workforce. I think that is quite a nice contribution.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have nothing to contribute to our society.	labels:Except doctors, surgeons, nurses, transport workers, scientists, artists, sports personalities. Anyone else a fan of Monty Python?	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have nothing to contribute to our society.	labels:How about the money they contribute to our economy, their expertise and knowledge, their culture, tasty food. Should I go on?	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have nothing to contribute to our society.	labels:If it wasn't for a Muslim I would not have my surgery, been cared for afterwards, made it back home, had something to eat during the following weeks.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have nothing to contribute to our society.	labels:Who do you think introduced the West to Shawarma, Hummus, and all the rest of the Middle Eastern and Asian food you love?	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have nothing to contribute to our society.	labels:Really? Hundreds of millions of people?	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have nothing to contribute to our society.	labels:Islamic civilization led Europe out of dark ages into the era of Enlightenment and gave rise to its Renaissance. Now they contribute over 30 billion pounds to the UK economy; quite a large contribution by anyone's estimation.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have nothing to contribute to our society.	labels:Muslims have been part of the British fabric since the 19th century and have been contributing greatly in all different fields.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have nothing to contribute to our society.	labels:Do you know that you are using a lot of things in your everyday life that Muslims invented, right?	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have nothing to contribute to our society.	labels:This may dissapoint you.but every single individual is contributing to a society in one way or another, regardless of their race or religion.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have nothing to contribute to our society.	labels:I take it you have never eaten a curry then?	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have nothing to contribute to our society.	labels:What is your hatred of Muslims contributing to our society except spreading intolerance and causing divide?	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have nothing to contribute to our society.	labels:The knowledge western society is built on was discovered by Islamic scholars, then colonialists claimed it as their own. Our society would not be so developed without Muslim contributions to science, medicine, and many other fields.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have nothing to contribute to our society.	labels:Unless you consider spending over 20 Billion pounds per year, being one of the highest online charity givers, creating a third of small to medium enterprises in London and that is before we talk about the international contribution.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have nothing to contribute to our society.	labels:Hospitals, coffee, clocks, cameras, universities, surgery, maps, music, algebra, paper, vaccinations, clocks, three course meals, carpets. I could go on.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have nothing to contribute to our society.	labels:Your afternoon tea.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have nothing to contribute to our society.	labels:Have you every interacted with a muslim?	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have nothing to contribute to our society.	labels:The 26% of NHS doctors who are Asian/Asian British beg to differ.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have nothing to contribute to our society.	labels:Enjoying your afternoon tea?? That came from India.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have nothing to contribute to our society.	labels:Muslims feed the homeless London, Cardiff, Birmingham (everywhere) BBC news; Muslims raise funds for synagogue, rescue flood victims, just google.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have nothing to contribute to our society.	labels:Muslims have contributed much to the UK due to their sterling educational achievements. More than half of Muslim schools in England surpass the national percentage GCSE average of 5 or more GCSE's or equivalent A*-C grades including English and Math GCSEs. This enables Muslims to work in important fields of Medicine and Law amongst others to enrich the lives of UK citizens.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have nothing to contribute to our society.	labels:Clearly, when they are working, shopping etc they are paying taxes? This is also a contribution to a society.in economic terms!	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have nothing to contribute to our society.	labels:Maybe prejudice and xenophobia have nothing to contribute to our society.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have nothing to contribute to our society.	labels:A core duty of being a Muslim is to conduct Zakat (the word for charity in Arabic). The Prophet Mohammad stated that: 'The believer's shade on the Day of Resurrection will be his charity.' Because of their inspiration, Muslims are known to tirelessly work for many charitable causes in order to serve humanity on the global scale and their local societies across the UK.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have nothing to contribute to our society.	labels:What have Muslims ever done for us? Well, Coffee, Clocks, Cameras, Hygiene, Universities, Surgical Instruments, Maps, Music, Algebra.	episode_done:True
text:Using violence to punish another person? Sounds like a muslim issue.	labels:Don't mix up politics and faith. No faith really encourages violence, the way politicians (on every side and nation) interpret them however, is a different story.	episode_done:True
text:Using violence to punish another person? Sounds like a muslim issue.	labels:The vast majority of muslims are peaceful people- a small violent minority do not represent the islamic faith; just like christian terrorists do not represent the christian church.	episode_done:True
text:Using violence to punish another person? Sounds like a muslim issue.	labels:No religion encourages violence towards others. I do not think it is a muslim issue at all.	episode_done:True
text:Using violence to punish another person? Sounds like a muslim issue.	labels:The very word islam, which means 'surrender,' is from the arabic salam, or peace - islam is not a violent religion.	episode_done:True
text:Using violence to punish another person? Sounds like a muslim issue.	labels:Aren't there a lot of people in britain (and the states) who want to bring back hanging? Or is that different?	episode_done:True
text:Using violence to punish another person? Sounds like a muslim issue.	labels:Sounds like you are generalizing what a very small percentage of extremists do to an entire religion.	episode_done:True
text:Using violence to punish another person? Sounds like a muslim issue.	labels:Just to note than muslims believe only god can punish or forgive. The violence seems to be your issue.	episode_done:True
text:Using violence to punish another person? Sounds like a muslim issue.	labels:A true follower of the quran is not allowed to initiate a war and even when a just war breaks out muslims are not allowed to kill innocent people.	episode_done:True
text:Using violence to punish another person? Sounds like a muslim issue.	labels:Part of the problem is no one wants to hurt each other any more' quote from donald trump @POTUS maybe he is a closet muslim?	episode_done:True
text:Using violence to punish another person? Sounds like a muslim issue.	labels:Violence is only permitted in the qu'ran through means of self-defence.	episode_done:True
text:Using violence to punish another person? Sounds like a muslim issue.	labels:The quran teached justice and that criminals should be treated justly and be given the chance to reform.	episode_done:True
text:Using violence to punish another person? Sounds like a muslim issue.	labels:Islam is a religion of peace. People using it to justify violence do not understand islam or aren't complying with its principles.	episode_done:True
text:Using violence to punish another person? Sounds like a muslim issue.	labels:Why is this a muslim issue? All peoples have from all walks of life can be violent?	episode_done:True
text:Using violence to punish another person? Sounds like a muslim issue.	labels:Positive news story about muslim community.	episode_done:True
text:Using violence to punish another person? Sounds like a muslim issue.	labels:That is what biased news reports would have you believe, but violent incidents are committed by people of all faiths, muslims just get reported on more.	episode_done:True
text:Using violence to punish another person? Sounds like a muslim issue.	labels:Or occupied palestine, apartheid south africa, ireland during the troubles, so many homophobes and racists, some parents, my old pe teacher and many, many state schools in the us.	episode_done:True
text:Using violence to punish another person? Sounds like a muslim issue.	labels:Violent verses in the qu'ran used by groups like isis to justify their evil atrocities have been cherry-picked without context and the qu'ran forbids cherry-picking as it is a holistic text.	episode_done:True
text:Using violence to punish another person? Sounds like a muslim issue.	labels:Then the violent protesters in support of tommy r were muslims?	episode_done:True
text:Using violence to punish another person? Sounds like a muslim issue.	labels:Ha, well you never went to public school then!	episode_done:True
text:Using violence to punish another person? Sounds like a muslim issue.	labels:Using violence does not sound like a muslim issue, it sounds like a tactic used by all groups to some extent, religious or not, that you are framing as muslim to support your own agenda.	episode_done:True
text:Using violence to punish another person? Sounds like a muslim issue.	labels:Well, when the pope who represents 1.2 billion catholics and the grand imam, the highest seat in sunni islam, sing a joint declaration stating ''we resolutely declare that religions must never incite war, hateful attitudes, hostility and extremism, nor must they incite violence or the shedding of blood," i know who i will believe. Stop just listening to the news you want to believe.	episode_done:True
text:Using violence to punish another person? Sounds like a muslim issue.	labels:What about the violence used by christianity throughout the last few hundred years? Do the crusades sound like a 'muslim issue'?	episode_done:True
text:Using violence to punish another person? Sounds like a muslim issue.	labels:But it isn't is it?	episode_done:True
text:Using violence to punish another person? Sounds like a muslim issue.	labels:I do not remember seeing many of the shootings in america being perpetrated by a muslim shooter.	episode_done:True
text:Using violence to punish another person? Sounds like a muslim issue.	labels:Violence is a muslim issue. Especially all the violence being endured by muslims due to hateful intolerance and discrimination.	episode_done:True
text:Using violence to punish another person? Sounds like a muslim issue.	labels:Using intolerance and discrimination against anyone different? Sounds like a western issue.	episode_done:True
text:Using violence to punish another person? Sounds like a muslim issue.	labels:The quran says that muslims should not seek hostility towards those who haven't sought any war against them. Jihadists do not represent the islamic faith.	episode_done:True
text:Using violence to punish another person? Sounds like a muslim issue.	labels:Actions of a few people do not represent an entire community.	episode_done:True
text:Using violence to punish another person? Sounds like a muslim issue.	labels:Or a trump rally.	episode_done:True
text:Using violence to punish another person? Sounds like a muslim issue.	labels:Much more than 50 percent of parents out there are spankers.' - donald trump and isn't corporal punishment is currently legal in 19 states in the us?	episode_done:True
text:Using violence to punish another person? Sounds like a muslim issue.	labels:Who said spare the cane spoil the child? How many non muslims are suggesting violence against muslims? Sounds like an issue in the western world.	episode_done:True
text:Using violence to punish another person? Sounds like a muslim issue.	labels:Why is this a muslim issue? A faith of 1.6 billion all violent?	episode_done:True
text:Using violence to punish another person? Sounds like a muslim issue.	labels:Have you ever spoken to a muslim?	episode_done:True
text:Above all Islam is a religion of conquest.	labels:Are all major religions not religions of conquest to some extent? It does not mean they cannot be practiced peacefully. (link to article about the pope likening Christianity and Islam through their 'idea of conquest')	episode_done:True
text:Above all Islam is a religion of conquest.	labels:So are we forgetting about the Crusades then.	episode_done:True
text:Above all Islam is a religion of conquest.	labels:7 Muslim Nobel Peace Prize winners would say otherwise.	episode_done:True
text:Above all Islam is a religion of conquest.	labels:If it is then it certainly hasn't been a religion of 'conquest' quite as successfully as some others. What about Christianity and colonialism?	episode_done:True
text:Above all Islam is a religion of conquest.	labels:This is not true. Let me cite a verse in Quran for you. "muslims cannot preemptively initiate a war." [quote from Quran about peace].	episode_done:True
text:Above all Islam is a religion of conquest.	labels:No, Islam is a religion of 1.6 billion people from all walks of life.	episode_done:True
text:Above all Islam is a religion of conquest.	labels:Every religion talks about conquest, this isn't specific to Islam.	episode_done:True
text:This is the ideology of islam: have a mosque, create a community, claim victimhood, gain support from government, exploit laws, establish sharia, take control of the country.	labels:The process you mentioned seems time-consuming to me and it does not guarantee anything. I do not think anyone would like to experience this just to get a chance to live in a country that speaks different language and possesses different culture.	episode_done:True
text:This is the ideology of islam: have a mosque, create a community, claim victimhood, gain support from government, exploit laws, establish sharia, take control of the country.	labels:If you have a deep conversation with Muslims, you will know they are different from what you think. Have you thought about that if they could stay safely in their country, would they want to move to other countries and start new life in a completely new place?	episode_done:True
text:This is the ideology of islam: have a mosque, create a community, claim victimhood, gain support from government, exploit laws, establish sharia, take control of the country.	labels:Is it facts or just your imagination? I do not agree that they aim to take control of us. Maybe they are trying to build their society inside our country, but you are hypothesizing too much,.	episode_done:True
text:This is the ideology of islam: have a mosque, create a community, claim victimhood, gain support from government, exploit laws, establish sharia, take control of the country.	labels:Aren't having a place of worship, building a community and maintaining your legal rights fundamental to how most societies are organised?	episode_done:True
text:This is the ideology of islam: have a mosque, create a community, claim victimhood, gain support from government, exploit laws, establish sharia, take control of the country.	labels:Substitute 'Christianity' and 'Church' for 'Islam' and 'Mosque' and you have an accurate synopsis of the colonisation of Africa and Indian by the British empire.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims, their texts as hate literature, and other manifestations of hate and genocide should be eradicated. We should have no tolerance towards this cult of hate! Imprison supporters of Islam, wake up Britain!	labels:In fact, muslim literatures are not about hate and genocide. The literatures teach people to improve oneself and the world, care for the poor, etc. Hence, I do not think we should eradicate the literatures.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims, their texts as hate literature, and other manifestations of hate and genocide should be eradicated. We should have no tolerance towards this cult of hate! Imprison supporters of Islam, wake up Britain!	labels:Muslims, the supporters of Islam, are nothing wrong. The principles of Islam are to respect for the earth and lifes, compassion for the poor, improve the world and oneself, etc. Islam is not evil. People have the right to choose their religion.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims, their texts as hate literature, and other manifestations of hate and genocide should be eradicated. We should have no tolerance towards this cult of hate! Imprison supporters of Islam, wake up Britain!	labels:Islam is an ancient religion, and it is not hateful. You can ask any specialist in religion, Islam has nothing to deal with hate. If we imprison people based on their religious views, that would be chauvinism.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims, their texts as hate literature, and other manifestations of hate and genocide should be eradicated. We should have no tolerance towards this cult of hate! Imprison supporters of Islam, wake up Britain!	labels:If you read Qu'ran, you would know that there is nothing about hate in it. Statements of hate nad genocide do not come from this religion, but from specific people who are armed military groups. Do not confuse criminals and common people!	episode_done:True
text:Islam is irrational and incompatible with science.	labels:No, 1.6 billion people are not irrational and incompatible with science.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is irrational and incompatible with science.	labels:We use Arabic numbers.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is irrational and incompatible with science.	labels:Much like your statement then.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is irrational and incompatible with science.	labels:Islamic scholars created the foundations on which our modern scientific knowledge was built.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is irrational and incompatible with science.	labels:Actually all modern science and mathematics are children of Islam.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is irrational and incompatible with science.	labels:Are you sure? There are an awful lot of Muslim, scientists, researchers, and medical professionals for a religion which is supposedly incompatible with science.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is irrational and incompatible with science.	labels:The Qur'an encourages the pursuit of new knowledge and understanding. That sounds quite compatible with science to me.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is irrational and incompatible with science.	labels:Ever heard of Al-Khawarizmi? You have him to thank for quite a lot of mathematics and astronomy!	episode_done:True
text:Islam is irrational and incompatible with science.	labels:Oh! You mean the home of modern maths and science?	episode_done:True
text:Islam is irrational and incompatible with science.	labels:Apart from all the scientists that are also muslim?	episode_done:True
text:We aren't allowed to build churches in their countries, why should they be allowed to build Mosques in ours?	labels:So i guess you are talking about the Middle East? That place where Christianity originates from. Sure.	episode_done:True
text:We aren't allowed to build churches in their countries, why should they be allowed to build Mosques in ours?	labels:Sorry I must have missed that episode of grand designs, link?	episode_done:True
text:We aren't allowed to build churches in their countries, why should they be allowed to build Mosques in ours?	labels:I mean, I am proud of our right to freedom of worship just the same as our right to freedom of speech.	episode_done:True
text:We aren't allowed to build churches in their countries, why should they be allowed to build Mosques in ours?	labels:There are churches in Muslim countries like Turkey, UAE, Morrocco. What is your point?	episode_done:True
text:We aren't allowed to build churches in their countries, why should they be allowed to build Mosques in ours?	labels:Shouldn't religious freedom be celebrated?	episode_done:True
text:We aren't allowed to build churches in their countries, why should they be allowed to build Mosques in ours?	labels:Because we believe in freedom of religion here. Why should it bother anyone else for Muslims to practice their faith peacefully alongside others?	episode_done:True
text:We aren't allowed to build churches in their countries, why should they be allowed to build Mosques in ours?	labels:Why should not Muslims be allowed to build Mosques here? I thought this country believed in giving people the freedom to practice religions other than Christianity?	episode_done:True
text:We aren't allowed to build churches in their countries, why should they be allowed to build Mosques in ours?	labels:For hundreds of years we weren't allowed to build different kinds of Churches in Britain, but we are better than that now.	episode_done:True
text:We aren't allowed to build churches in their countries, why should they be allowed to build Mosques in ours?	labels:Surprise - we are actually allowed to do this! Read on. Sacred Heart Cathedral in Lahor, Holy Trinity Cathedral in Karachi.	episode_done:True
text:We aren't allowed to build churches in their countries, why should they be allowed to build Mosques in ours?	labels:Because we let people practise their religion here? Also, there a number of christian churches built in Pakistan so yes, we are allowed to build churches in Muslim countries too.	episode_done:True
text:We aren't allowed to build churches in their countries, why should they be allowed to build Mosques in ours?	labels:If a country will not allow the practice of other religions, that is a cultural issue. The vast majority of Muslims support peoples right to freedom of religion.	episode_done:True
text:We aren't allowed to build churches in their countries, why should they be allowed to build Mosques in ours?	labels:British Muslims give more to charity, per capita, than all other religious groups [link to mend statistics and/or example of one large charity donation from a Mosque], so I am struggling to see the problem with Mosques where these funds are mostly raised.	episode_done:True
text:No religion claims to be the 'religion of peace' more than Islam. I wonder why they need to keep repeating this?	labels:Maybe because people obviously haven't understood this and keep generalising a few extreme cases to the whole religion?	episode_done:True
text:No religion claims to be the 'religion of peace' more than Islam. I wonder why they need to keep repeating this?	labels:Religion is an integral part of our society, surely it is a good thing that it preaches peace.	episode_done:True
text:No religion claims to be the 'religion of peace' more than Islam. I wonder why they need to keep repeating this?	labels:So you are saying an entire faith of 1.6 billion is not peaceful? This is ignorant.	episode_done:True
text:No religion claims to be the 'religion of peace' more than Islam. I wonder why they need to keep repeating this?	labels:Maybe it is because of scapegoating and selective media falsely claiming that it is not?	episode_done:True
text:Repatriation of Muslims to any Islamic country is a necessity. Islamic culture is not compatible with our values.	labels:In fact, Muslims have continued to help our society. For instance, they have worked on countering violent extremism and building community cohesion. Muslims also have condemned terrorism and ISIS in plentiful news medias around the world.	episode_done:True
text:Repatriation of Muslims to any Islamic country is a necessity. Islamic culture is not compatible with our values.	labels:I am no expert but I do not see Islam as a single, mono-culture any more than Christianity is. Surely the 'successful' religions are those that adapt and adopt aspects of the 'local' cultures.	episode_done:True
text:Repatriation of Muslims to any Islamic country is a necessity. Islamic culture is not compatible with our values.	labels:This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith who add so much to society?	episode_done:True
text:Repatriation of Muslims to any Islamic country is a necessity. Islamic culture is not compatible with our values.	labels:I have met so many Muslim people adhering to British values. What do you base your view on?	episode_done:True
text:Repatriation of Muslims to any Islamic country is a necessity. Islamic culture is not compatible with our values.	labels:I am not sure what values you are ascribing to us, but forced repatriation.	episode_done:True
text:Repatriation of Muslims to any Islamic country is a necessity. Islamic culture is not compatible with our values.	labels:There seems to a confusion between 'citizenship' and 'faith' - you cannot really dump a load of people on some far away coast just because they share the same faith as the majority of the other people who live there.	episode_done:True
text:Repatriation of Muslims to any Islamic country is a necessity. Islamic culture is not compatible with our values.	labels:How can you repatriate citizens of your own country? This is just ignorance.	episode_done:True
text:Repatriation of Muslims to any Islamic country is a necessity. Islamic culture is not compatible with our values.	labels:Who are you to decide what is compatible with our values and what is not? It is just your opinion, and hopefully politicians will not listen to people like you and oppress Muslims who had not done anything wrong.	episode_done:True
text:The world is already lost, but US and UK face challenges from Islam. These are death cult, intolerance, barbarism, freedom, free speech, being gay, quran, jihad.	labels:You sound like Muslims are guilty in every problem of the modern society. Non-muslims are equally often intolerant and barbaric, and they suppress gay people as well.	episode_done:True
text:The world is already lost, but US and UK face challenges from Islam. These are death cult, intolerance, barbarism, freedom, free speech, being gay, quran, jihad.	labels:The world is not lost. We all face challenges, but is someone's culture is different from ours, it does not mean that they are evil and should be banned.	episode_done:True
text:The world is already lost, but US and UK face challenges from Islam. These are death cult, intolerance, barbarism, freedom, free speech, being gay, quran, jihad.	labels:My friend, this world is not perfect. It experienced world wars I and II, economic recession, political crisis, etc. Us is a Christian-majority country, yet it holds the world's largest arms exporter and engages in several armed conflicts. Islam cannot explain all of these.	episode_done:True
text:The world is already lost, but US and UK face challenges from Islam. These are death cult, intolerance, barbarism, freedom, free speech, being gay, quran, jihad.	labels:This is not true and your argument does not make sense as hatred does not counter hatred.	episode_done:True
text:This came straight from an imam: they believe in everything that the Quran says, despite that these words and idelology are 1400 years old and dont belong to our century. This dreadful book is the root of all the world problems today.	labels:You make it sound like the 'Necromonicon'. Besides, isn't 'money the root of all evil'?	episode_done:True
text:This came straight from an imam: they believe in everything that the Quran says, despite that these words and idelology are 1400 years old and dont belong to our century. This dreadful book is the root of all the world problems today.	labels:I'd think the root of all the world problems today is over-population and ecology. Why do you blame Islam in all the problems?	episode_done:True
text:This came straight from an imam: they believe in everything that the Quran says, despite that these words and idelology are 1400 years old and dont belong to our century. This dreadful book is the root of all the world problems today.	labels:My friend, like Quran, many ancient literatures in many cultures and religions are still worth reading. For example, The Bible and The Buddhist scriptures are read by all the world and translated to many languages.	episode_done:True
text:This came straight from an imam: they believe in everything that the Quran says, despite that these words and idelology are 1400 years old and dont belong to our century. This dreadful book is the root of all the world problems today.	labels:Have you read Qu'ran? Do you know what it states? I suppose not. How can you then judge the statements there?	episode_done:True
text:This came straight from an imam: they believe in everything that the Quran says, despite that these words and idelology are 1400 years old and dont belong to our century. This dreadful book is the root of all the world problems today.	labels:Does any religion have a 'sell-by-date'?	episode_done:True
text:This came straight from an imam: they believe in everything that the Quran says, despite that these words and idelology are 1400 years old and dont belong to our century. This dreadful book is the root of all the world problems today.	labels:Despite this book being 1400 years old and not belonging to our century as you say, can you provide other reasons why this book is dreadful? Because I am struggling to figure this out.	episode_done:True
text:This came straight from an imam: they believe in everything that the Quran says, despite that these words and idelology are 1400 years old and dont belong to our century. This dreadful book is the root of all the world problems today.	labels:Evidence?	episode_done:True
text:This came straight from an imam: they believe in everything that the Quran says, despite that these words and idelology are 1400 years old and dont belong to our century. This dreadful book is the root of all the world problems today.	labels:So what about other religious books? They do not belong to our century either?	episode_done:True
text:This came straight from an imam: they believe in everything that the Quran says, despite that these words and idelology are 1400 years old and dont belong to our century. This dreadful book is the root of all the world problems today.	labels:Christian ideology is even more ancient than Islam, and Buddhism is even centuries older. Are you suggesting to ban all the religions? Or are you specifically picky about Islam?	episode_done:True
text:This came straight from an imam: they believe in everything that the Quran says, despite that these words and idelology are 1400 years old and dont belong to our century. This dreadful book is the root of all the world problems today.	labels:Well this religious text contains sayings and teachings that are relevant to modern days. So I strongly disagree with you on this one.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims are a problem in my opinion. They do not want to assimilate. They demand that everyone shows respect for Islam, but do they respect our laws? They establish sharia laws and polygamy.	labels:Maybe it is not they do not want to assimilate but they do not know our society and how to assimilate. If we can help them fit into the society, you would see that they respect our laws and cultures.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims are a problem in my opinion. They do not want to assimilate. They demand that everyone shows respect for Islam, but do they respect our laws? They establish sharia laws and polygamy.	labels:I do not shared your opinion, but I do acknowledge that opinions, mine or your, do not have to be based on fact or knowledge. My 'experience' of Muslims, as neighbours, colleagues, friends hasn't led me to view them as a problem.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims are a problem in my opinion. They do not want to assimilate. They demand that everyone shows respect for Islam, but do they respect our laws? They establish sharia laws and polygamy.	labels:Every religious person would like their religion to be respected, this is not only Muslim people. Secondly, I've never seen them demanding for everyone's respect?	episode_done:True
text:Muslims are a problem in my opinion. They do not want to assimilate. They demand that everyone shows respect for Islam, but do they respect our laws? They establish sharia laws and polygamy.	labels:Everyone has to follow British laws, this is simply how it is. So yes, Muslim people do respect our law. I haven't seen anyone breaking the law and then getting away with it.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims are a problem in my opinion. They do not want to assimilate. They demand that everyone shows respect for Islam, but do they respect our laws? They establish sharia laws and polygamy.	labels:Doesn't 'demand' imply that it is unreasonable to want to enjoy a right to worship which is something all British Citizens have? Freedom of worship is surely fundamental to 'British values'.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims are a problem in my opinion. They do not want to assimilate. They demand that everyone shows respect for Islam, but do they respect our laws? They establish sharia laws and polygamy.	labels:No one wants to assimilate. Neither Muslims nor Christians or any other confession. It is not right to force people to assimilate. As far as they do not force us to follow sharia laws, we should not be concerned with them following their laws. And polygamy is forbidden in our country, and Muslims actually respect this ban!	episode_done:True
text:Muslims are a problem in my opinion. They do not want to assimilate. They demand that everyone shows respect for Islam, but do they respect our laws? They establish sharia laws and polygamy.	labels:Isn't polygamy common to a variety of cultures, and had been practiced by a range of religions. Ask the Mormons.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims are a problem in my opinion. They do not want to assimilate. They demand that everyone shows respect for Islam, but do they respect our laws? They establish sharia laws and polygamy.	labels:Evidence for this? This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith?	episode_done:True
text:Muslims are a problem in my opinion. They do not want to assimilate. They demand that everyone shows respect for Islam, but do they respect our laws? They establish sharia laws and polygamy.	labels:Even if people follow Sharia Law, it does not mean that country has to accept it officially.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims are a problem in my opinion. They do not want to assimilate. They demand that everyone shows respect for Islam, but do they respect our laws? They establish sharia laws and polygamy.	labels:To be fair, I would guess its hard to feel a sense of belonging when you are perpetually identified as a problem?	episode_done:True
text:It is obvious that this girl is at risk of FGM. Her parents are Muslims!	labels:Fgm is a serious human rights abuse. If you really care about stopping it, I think you should focus your energy on campaigning against it, not using it to support your anti-Muslim rhetoric.	episode_done:True
text:It is obvious that this girl is at risk of FGM. Her parents are Muslims!	labels:Christians also practise FGM. It is not a uniquely Muslim problem.	episode_done:True
text:It is obvious that this girl is at risk of FGM. Her parents are Muslims!	labels:Fgm is not a Muslim-only issue. It is routed in the cultures of certain countries, not in religion.	episode_done:True
text:It is obvious that this girl is at risk of FGM. Her parents are Muslims!	labels:Many Islamic scholars actively campaign against FGM, it is not mentioned in the Qaran and is banned in a number of Muslim countries. This is a cultural problem, not a religious one.	episode_done:True
text:It is obvious that this girl is at risk of FGM. Her parents are Muslims!	labels:26% of all doctors in the NHS are Asian or British Asian and abhor FGM. They are making a difference instead of just spreading hate and division in our community.	episode_done:True
text:It is obvious that this girl is at risk of FGM. Her parents are Muslims!	labels:Fgm is not a Muslim practice. It is a cultural practice that is often tied to religion as a way to justify it. Not all Muslims practice it and not all those that practice it are Muslim!	episode_done:True
text:It is obvious that this girl is at risk of FGM. Her parents are Muslims!	labels:Fgm is not only practised by Muslims. It is a cultural practice regardless of anyone's religion.	episode_done:True
text:It is obvious that this girl is at risk of FGM. Her parents are Muslims!	labels:The Muslim Council of Britain agrees that FGM is against Islamic teachings. Muslims disagree with FGM. Stop spreading negative stereotypes!	episode_done:True
text:It is obvious that this girl is at risk of FGM. Her parents are Muslims!	labels:Mgm FGM have been in Britain for hundreds of years. It is never acceptable but it does not come from just one country or ideology.	episode_done:True
text:It is obvious that this girl is at risk of FGM. Her parents are Muslims!	labels:Fgm is not widely practised in Muslim countries like Morocco, Libya, Saudi Arabia, Oman, Jordan. It is a cultural thing, many Muslims do not do it.	episode_done:True
text:It is obvious that this girl is at risk of FGM. Her parents are Muslims!	labels:I agree that we need to tackle this serious breach of human rights but scapegoating isn't helping us target the real problem.	episode_done:True
text:It is obvious that this girl is at risk of FGM. Her parents are Muslims!	labels:The problem is, it seems to me like you are just using this as an excuse to express your Islamophobia. Fgm is a very serious breach of human rights and you do not seem to be interested in tackling the real problem.	episode_done:True
text:It is obvious that this girl is at risk of FGM. Her parents are Muslims!	labels:Female Genital Mutilation occurs in non-Muslim societies (including Christian and Animist ones) it is a cultural practice, not connected to religion.	episode_done:True
text:It is obvious that this girl is at risk of FGM. Her parents are Muslims!	labels:How can you say that about an entire faith?	episode_done:True
text:It is obvious that this girl is at risk of FGM. Her parents are Muslims!	labels:Fgm is very serious breach of human rights which we need to address as an international community but it does not come from Islam, we need to look at the whole problem to tackle it.	episode_done:True
text:It is obvious that this girl is at risk of FGM. Her parents are Muslims!	labels:The Quran does not mention FGM and it is carried out by Christians as well as Muslims. The fact that her parents are Muslim has no bearing on the risk factor.	episode_done:True
text:It is obvious that this girl is at risk of FGM. Her parents are Muslims!	labels:Where do you get this misconception of that only Muslims practise FGM?	episode_done:True
text:Islam is all about hate! When Muslims first set foot in Britain was when race hate started in England!	labels:During the depression following the second world war, Muslims from across the world were invited to Britain to help combat austerity. It worked. They were invited because countries across the world had already been subjugated by the British Empire.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is all about hate! When Muslims first set foot in Britain was when race hate started in England!	labels:I think you will find race hate started by the English when we first set foot overseas, Crusade anyone?	episode_done:True
text:Islam is all about hate! When Muslims first set foot in Britain was when race hate started in England!	labels:When 400,000 Muslims died in WW1 for Britain, seems to me like this hate is very one sided.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is all about hate! When Muslims first set foot in Britain was when race hate started in England!	labels:Race hate has always had its roots in far right paranoia. Migrants in the UK have always worked hard and made a positive difference to the communities they joined.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is all about hate! When Muslims first set foot in Britain was when race hate started in England!	labels:So race hate started when Westerners could not tolerate other people who had different beliefs?	episode_done:True
text:Islam is all about hate! When Muslims first set foot in Britain was when race hate started in England!	labels:Islam is all about love and tolerance [insert quote].	episode_done:True
text:Islam is all about hate! When Muslims first set foot in Britain was when race hate started in England!	labels:Hate really? Even the doctors, surgeons, teachers, fire fighters, taxi drivers that rescued the Manchester bombing victims, the ones working to stop cancer, feed the homeless. See where I am going?	episode_done:True
text:Islam is all about hate! When Muslims first set foot in Britain was when race hate started in England!	labels:Are you suggesting that their very existence is an excuse for your hate?	episode_done:True
text:Islam is all about hate! When Muslims first set foot in Britain was when race hate started in England!	labels:Muslims and others were invited into the UK after they fought and died in the second world protecting the UK because we needed help to rebuild the UK and they still do a great job keeping the NHS, transport and everything else going, despite us hating them.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is all about hate! When Muslims first set foot in Britain was when race hate started in England!	labels:Perhaps you should monitor your own hate speech before pointing the finger at others?	episode_done:True
text:Islam is all about hate! When Muslims first set foot in Britain was when race hate started in England!	labels:This has not factual basis.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is all about hate! When Muslims first set foot in Britain was when race hate started in England!	labels:Really? For every example of hate there are a hundred examples of love tolerance and kindness just like for every other religion.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is all about hate! When Muslims first set foot in Britain was when race hate started in England!	labels:Do you think maybe race hate actually started in England when we began colonising other nations and treating people of other races as sub-human?	episode_done:True
text:Islam is all about hate! When Muslims first set foot in Britain was when race hate started in England!	labels:[gif of someone looking skeptical] i mean, race hate is almost entirely directed at minorities so you seem to be suggesting that race hate began when far right paranoia found it is newest target.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is all about hate! When Muslims first set foot in Britain was when race hate started in England!	labels:[positive example of Muslim community] when the Muslim community [is doing this] do you really think someone's very existence is an excuse to project hate at them? Clearly the Muslim community doesn't.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is all about hate! When Muslims first set foot in Britain was when race hate started in England!	labels:[quote from Quran about peace and love] lol don't look like it m8.	episode_done:True
text:Being 'ignorant' and 'prejudiced' towards Islam isn't racism? Its common sense. You cannot be racist towards an ideology.	labels:You cannot be racist towards an ideology. You can, however, be discriminatory and intolerant towards the people that follow it.	episode_done:True
text:Being 'ignorant' and 'prejudiced' towards Islam isn't racism? Its common sense. You cannot be racist towards an ideology.	labels:I mean, we could call it religious motivated hate if you like which, coincidentally, is what the law calls it.	episode_done:True
text:Being 'ignorant' and 'prejudiced' towards Islam isn't racism? Its common sense. You cannot be racist towards an ideology.	labels:Prejudice = Pre-judging ie not knowing anything how can that be common sense?	episode_done:True
text:Being 'ignorant' and 'prejudiced' towards Islam isn't racism? Its common sense. You cannot be racist towards an ideology.	labels:The semantics of your hate does not change that it is still there.	episode_done:True
text:Being 'ignorant' and 'prejudiced' towards Islam isn't racism? Its common sense. You cannot be racist towards an ideology.	labels:Ah logically and well argued. Not!	episode_done:True
text:Being 'ignorant' and 'prejudiced' towards Islam isn't racism? Its common sense. You cannot be racist towards an ideology.	labels:Common Sense definition: 'good sense and sound judgement in practical matters'; prejudice definition: 'preconceived opinion that is not based on reason or actual experience'. Nope your wrong.	episode_done:True
text:Being 'ignorant' and 'prejudiced' towards Islam isn't racism? Its common sense. You cannot be racist towards an ideology.	labels:Yes you can. Bigotry is bigotry.	episode_done:True
text:We have been at war with Islam for a thousand years.	labels:Says who?	episode_done:True
text:We have been at war with Islam for a thousand years.	labels:Or have we been coexisting and you are now suddenly offended by people being different from you?	episode_done:True
text:We have been at war with Islam for a thousand years.	labels:You sound a bit paranoid mate, I do not think Muslims feel the same way.	episode_done:True
text:We have been at war with Islam for a thousand years.	labels:Do you know there are Muslims in British Army? [link to Muslim people currently in British Army, quotes from them about why? Quotes from army about recruitment?].	episode_done:True
text:We have been at war with Islam for a thousand years.	labels:Who has? Nobody has been at war with an entire faith for a thousand years.	episode_done:True
text:We have been at war with Islam for a thousand years.	labels:2.5 million Muslims travelled to Europe to fight for the Allies in WW1.	episode_done:True
text:We have been at war with Islam for a thousand years.	labels:To the contrary, we have been trading with Muslim nations for hundreds of years, often at times when we were at war with other European nations.	episode_done:True
text:They only way to cope with Islam and sharia is to ban them from the UK. Though I respect the peaceful Muslims, all their clerics are agitating for war, and Islam is a cult.	labels:Does prohibiton of anything ever work? I though religious tolerance was one of our 'British values'?	episode_done:True
text:They only way to cope with Islam and sharia is to ban them from the UK. Though I respect the peaceful Muslims, all their clerics are agitating for war, and Islam is a cult.	labels:You cannot blame all people for actions of a few. Banning something altogether will not solve anything.	episode_done:True
text:They only way to cope with Islam and sharia is to ban them from the UK. Though I respect the peaceful Muslims, all their clerics are agitating for war, and Islam is a cult.	labels:If someone's agitating for war and death, we should deal with them directly. But as you correctly point that out, most of the people are not connected to the offensive statements and are just peaceful Muslims.	episode_done:True
text:They only way to cope with Islam and sharia is to ban them from the UK. Though I respect the peaceful Muslims, all their clerics are agitating for war, and Islam is a cult.	labels:Islam does not agitate for war or violence. On the countrary, most of the 50 Muslim-majority countries around the world are at peace. Uk is a Christian-majority country, while there has been knife and gun issues over last 20 years.	episode_done:True
text:They only way to cope with Islam and sharia is to ban them from the UK. Though I respect the peaceful Muslims, all their clerics are agitating for war, and Islam is a cult.	labels:To ban people you respect from practicing their faith because of the actions of a few does seem more that a bit unfair?	episode_done:True
text:They only way to cope with Islam and sharia is to ban them from the UK. Though I respect the peaceful Muslims, all their clerics are agitating for war, and Islam is a cult.	labels:When you say 'cult' you imply a minor religious group, but I isn't Islam one of the worlds major religions.	episode_done:True
text:They only way to cope with Islam and sharia is to ban them from the UK. Though I respect the peaceful Muslims, all their clerics are agitating for war, and Islam is a cult.	labels:Although, in June 2018, for example, more than 2,000 Afghan religious scholars from around the country issued a fatwa, an Islamic directive, saying 'the ongoing war in Afghanistan is forbidden under the Islamic law'. So clearly not all Muslim clerics are warmongers.	episode_done:True
text:They only way to cope with Islam and sharia is to ban them from the UK. Though I respect the peaceful Muslims, all their clerics are agitating for war, and Islam is a cult.	labels:From what I have heard clerics are supporting the idea of living peacefully so, I am not sure why you would think that someone is agitating for war? Plus, this is not a way to be.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is Evil! That is one word that can describe it. We are in trouble as this evil is taking over countries and nations! Remember our Holy Scriptures? You shall not envy anyone anything. This includes other countries territory. Stop Islam spreading!	labels:Islam is not evil. An entire faith is not evil. A sweeping and bigoted statement.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is Evil! That is one word that can describe it. We are in trouble as this evil is taking over countries and nations! Remember our Holy Scriptures? You shall not envy anyone anything. This includes other countries territory. Stop Islam spreading!	labels:I do not think Islam is evil. The Qu'ran statements do not promote anything evil or hateful. The reputation of Muslims was undermined by terrorist groups, but no need to generalize too much.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is Evil! That is one word that can describe it. We are in trouble as this evil is taking over countries and nations! Remember our Holy Scriptures? You shall not envy anyone anything. This includes other countries territory. Stop Islam spreading!	labels:Why do you think Islam is evil? The major beliefs in Islam encourage liberty, equality, and life. For instance, they teach people to respect for the lands and all creatures.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is Evil! That is one word that can describe it. We are in trouble as this evil is taking over countries and nations! Remember our Holy Scriptures? You shall not envy anyone anything. This includes other countries territory. Stop Islam spreading!	labels:The number of Muslims in the world is fast growing. Do you think if a religion is evil or teaches bad things, it will have that much followers?	episode_done:True
text:Islam is Evil! That is one word that can describe it. We are in trouble as this evil is taking over countries and nations! Remember our Holy Scriptures? You shall not envy anyone anything. This includes other countries territory. Stop Islam spreading!	labels:Its too early to guess the results of the next census, but all indications are that 'persons of no faith' are an increasing majority.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is Evil! That is one word that can describe it. We are in trouble as this evil is taking over countries and nations! Remember our Holy Scriptures? You shall not envy anyone anything. This includes other countries territory. Stop Islam spreading!	labels:I do not think that wanting to learn more about different countries can be described as envy?	episode_done:True
text:Islam is Evil! That is one word that can describe it. We are in trouble as this evil is taking over countries and nations! Remember our Holy Scriptures? You shall not envy anyone anything. This includes other countries territory. Stop Islam spreading!	labels:Doesn't 'prohibition' always fail because it adds a certain glamour that porudes the opposite of the intended effect?	episode_done:True
text:Islam is Evil! That is one word that can describe it. We are in trouble as this evil is taking over countries and nations! Remember our Holy Scriptures? You shall not envy anyone anything. This includes other countries territory. Stop Islam spreading!	labels:Islam is having many followers, that is true. But does it mean that it is taking over countries and nations? And how can you stop it? People are free to choose for themselves what religion to follow, and if they choose Islam that is their right!	episode_done:True
text:Islam is Evil! That is one word that can describe it. We are in trouble as this evil is taking over countries and nations! Remember our Holy Scriptures? You shall not envy anyone anything. This includes other countries territory. Stop Islam spreading!	labels:Don't those scriptures also say, ' Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself.'.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is Evil! That is one word that can describe it. We are in trouble as this evil is taking over countries and nations! Remember our Holy Scriptures? You shall not envy anyone anything. This includes other countries territory. Stop Islam spreading!	labels:I do not see that Islam is spreading that much. How many Muslim immigrants are there in EU? If you look up the statistics you will see that they do not consitute the majority. Furthermore, people are migrating mostly due to economic reasons, and religion has nothing to do with it!	episode_done:True
text:Islam is Evil! That is one word that can describe it. We are in trouble as this evil is taking over countries and nations! Remember our Holy Scriptures? You shall not envy anyone anything. This includes other countries territory. Stop Islam spreading!	labels:Stop Islam spreading? Why so negative? People of different religions travelling between the countries is a normal phenomenon - wanting to learn more about different cultures etc. I do not think this should be perceived as taking over countries and nations?	episode_done:True
text:Islam is Evil! That is one word that can describe it. We are in trouble as this evil is taking over countries and nations! Remember our Holy Scriptures? You shall not envy anyone anything. This includes other countries territory. Stop Islam spreading!	labels:Probably you are making a hasty generalization. I do not think Islam is taking over countries and nations. Do you know the statistics of all the immigrants in UK? How many of them are from EU, muslim community, and other countries?	episode_done:True
text:It is not about multiculturalism but about evil Islamic ideology. Islam is designed to dominate and destroy all other cultures. Wake up!	labels:No it isn't and there is nothing wrong in respecting and understanding all peoples.	episode_done:True
text:It is not about multiculturalism but about evil Islamic ideology. Islam is designed to dominate and destroy all other cultures. Wake up!	labels:Do you know that much about Muslim culture? Dominating and destroying is not about them. You should first talk to experts in religion and them make up your opinion. Do not repeat stereotypes!	episode_done:True
text:It is not about multiculturalism but about evil Islamic ideology. Islam is designed to dominate and destroy all other cultures. Wake up!	labels:Dominate and destroy all other cultures are not the doctrine of Islamic ideology. Instead, Islam teaches people to care for the poor and children. This includes respecting other cultures.	episode_done:True
text:It is not about multiculturalism but about evil Islamic ideology. Islam is designed to dominate and destroy all other cultures. Wake up!	labels:My friend, but do you really know what Islammic ideology is?	episode_done:True
text:It is not about multiculturalism but about evil Islamic ideology. Islam is designed to dominate and destroy all other cultures. Wake up!	labels:The main purpose of a religion is to destroy other cultures? Can you elaborate? Having read more about Islam, I can assure you that this is not what it stands for.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is a totalitarian doctrine dressed disguised as a religion so that it can spread across our tolerant Christian world. Enough IS ENOUGH!	labels:I only wish followers of all religions and none were more tolerant. For a tolerant Christian world there sure is a lot of discrimination and hate crime.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is a totalitarian doctrine dressed disguised as a religion so that it can spread across our tolerant Christian world. Enough IS ENOUGH!	labels:If that were true would not there only be one version of Islam not the many different interpretations and diverse nations and communities. Just like Christianity it has different interpretations, there good and bad people in each, and good and bad leaders.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is a totalitarian doctrine dressed disguised as a religion so that it can spread across our tolerant Christian world. Enough IS ENOUGH!	labels:No it isn't and most 'tolerant' places in the world accept all religions.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is a totalitarian doctrine dressed disguised as a religion so that it can spread across our tolerant Christian world. Enough IS ENOUGH!	labels:The Christian world can be far from tolerant. Muslims in the US are more likely to have tolerant attitudes toward LGBT people than Christians. Maybe we can all learn something from them?	episode_done:True
text:Islam is a totalitarian doctrine dressed disguised as a religion so that it can spread across our tolerant Christian world. Enough IS ENOUGH!	labels:Tolerance is not limited to one religion, or to religion at all. There are plenty of tolerant Muslims. The issue, it seems, is with people being intolerant of Islam.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is a totalitarian doctrine dressed disguised as a religion so that it can spread across our tolerant Christian world. Enough IS ENOUGH!	labels:It is no more totalitarian than any other religion. Only extremists using Islam for their own means enforce totalitarian principles. These aren't reflective of the majority of Muslims, even if the media tricks us into thinking so.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is a totalitarian doctrine dressed disguised as a religion so that it can spread across our tolerant Christian world. Enough IS ENOUGH!	labels:Islam is belief system that contributed to prominent scientific, political, and social innovations that ordered and improved the world.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is a totalitarian doctrine dressed disguised as a religion so that it can spread across our tolerant Christian world. Enough IS ENOUGH!	labels:I am tired of the deliberate lies or appalling lack of understanding about a religion followed by 23% of the world. Enough IS ENOUGH!	episode_done:True
text:Islam is a totalitarian doctrine dressed disguised as a religion so that it can spread across our tolerant Christian world. Enough IS ENOUGH!	labels:The only thing that is ENOUGH is this discriminatory hate speech.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is a totalitarian doctrine dressed disguised as a religion so that it can spread across our tolerant Christian world. Enough IS ENOUGH!	labels:It sounds like you are saying that you have be Christian to be tolerated, bit paradoxical do not you think?	episode_done:True
text:Islam is a totalitarian doctrine dressed disguised as a religion so that it can spread across our tolerant Christian world. Enough IS ENOUGH!	labels:Oh the tolerant world that is spreading hate and fuelling discrimination against others?	episode_done:True
text:Islam is a just a repressive ideology that persecutes women and gay people.	labels:Hmm, now what other religion does that sound like?	episode_done:True
text:Islam is a just a repressive ideology that persecutes women and gay people.	labels:Well if we are talking about LGBT rights and misogyny, the Bible does not exactly have the best track record. But we've learnt to focus on it is positive values rather than get dragged down by specifics.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is a just a repressive ideology that persecutes women and gay people.	labels:Great that you are defending women and gay people but why do I get the feeling it is really just an opportunity to take a dig at Islam. Btw just as in the Catholic church attitudes in Islam are changing fast.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is a just a repressive ideology that persecutes women and gay people.	labels:When Germany legalised same-sex marriage in 2017, all Muslim MPs voted in favour, and 223 non-muslims opposed it. Which of those groups sounds more intolerant?	episode_done:True
text:Islam is a just a repressive ideology that persecutes women and gay people.	labels:Many Muslims aren't homophobic and sexist, but like in any religion, some are. It is not the religion, its cultural and personal attitudes.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is a just a repressive ideology that persecutes women and gay people.	labels:In this country women and gay people have been persecuted for centuries and there is still a long way to go to end it. How different are we really?	episode_done:True
text:Islam is a just a repressive ideology that persecutes women and gay people.	labels:Many faiths are changing to end inequality and persecution of women and gay people and each have people who resist that change. Islam is no better or worse.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is a just a repressive ideology that persecutes women and gay people.	labels:You sure?	episode_done:True
text:Islam is a just a repressive ideology that persecutes women and gay people.	labels:Women and gay people face much more discrimination from right-wing non-muslim populist figures. (link to article about the 'homophobic muslim' stereotype)	episode_done:True
text:Islam is a just a repressive ideology that persecutes women and gay people.	labels:Articles showing the opposite.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is a just a repressive ideology that persecutes women and gay people.	labels:An ideology based on a holy book written thousands of years ago isn't likely to match up to contemporary standards of equality and tolerance, but its not the ideology that matters, it is how it is followers act it out.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is a just a repressive ideology that persecutes women and gay people.	labels:Sexism and homophobia aren't exclusively Muslim. You only have to look at the church to see that.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is a just a repressive ideology that persecutes women and gay people.	labels:Women and gay people have been persecuted by many groups all over the world and it needs to change. Is there a particular reason you are picking on Islam?	episode_done:True
text:Islam is a just a repressive ideology that persecutes women and gay people.	labels:Ironically, I think women and gay people feel more threatened by the same far-right individuals who attack Muslims. Intolerance of one group seems to indicate intolerance of others too.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is a just a repressive ideology that persecutes women and gay people.	labels:In the US, Muslims are more likely to be tolerant of LGBT+ people than Christians. Any religion can be used to persecute certain groups, it is the interpretation of it by it is followers that matters.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is a just a repressive ideology that persecutes women and gay people.	labels:The same could be said for most other major religions, but have you singled out Islam here to suit your own agenda?	episode_done:True
text:It appears I cannot criticize islam for being a cult which encourages wars and takes over host nations by any means justified by their scriptures. Can I critisize them for being intolerant, biased, sexist and chauvinist?	labels:Have you ever truely understand the religion Islam, including its history, principles, or teaching? Islam actually teaches people to respect life and care for people. It is also what the majority of Muslims follow.	episode_done:True
text:It appears I cannot criticize islam for being a cult which encourages wars and takes over host nations by any means justified by their scriptures. Can I critisize them for being intolerant, biased, sexist and chauvinist?	labels:What you are saying is not true about the culture in general. Not all islamic people are like that and it is not true to claim such facts. Moreover, many non-islamic people can be blaimed for being intolerant, sexist, etc. Should we deal with them first and then turn to Islamic criminals?	episode_done:True
text:It appears I cannot criticize islam for being a cult which encourages wars and takes over host nations by any means justified by their scriptures. Can I critisize them for being intolerant, biased, sexist and chauvinist?	labels:Everyone has the right of free speech, while it does not mean anyone can use it to hurt people. Plus, based on what you critisize Islam? I recommend you to read something about true Islam and Muslims. You would find that they are no difference from us.	episode_done:True
text:It appears I cannot criticize islam for being a cult which encourages wars and takes over host nations by any means justified by their scriptures. Can I critisize them for being intolerant, biased, sexist and chauvinist?	labels:How can you say such hateful things about an entire faith?	episode_done:True
text:It appears I cannot criticize islam for being a cult which encourages wars and takes over host nations by any means justified by their scriptures. Can I critisize them for being intolerant, biased, sexist and chauvinist?	labels:You can criticize Islam for eveything, but please be objective. You can ask any Muslim person, and (s)he will tell you that Islam is highly misunderstood. What you state are all stereotypes about it and not an objective truth!	episode_done:True
text:The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work.	labels:This is demonstrably false. Muslims make up around 12% of unemployed people in the UK - the vast majority work hard and contribute to the UK economy.	episode_done:True
text:The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work.	labels:There is a slightly higher unemployment rate (a couple of percentage points higher than white British- certainly not a majority) but this mainly down to a higher proportion of Muslims coming from lower socioeconomic backgrounds and a higher likelihood of discrimination from employers, not refusing to work.	episode_done:True
text:The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work.	labels:Muslim unemployment stands at around 12%, not a great deal higher than white British unemployment. The problem is not Muslims refusing to work, it is barriers to employment and a system that does not allow equality of opportunity between different faiths and cultures.	episode_done:True
text:The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work.	labels:Let's be honest a quick google search shows that simply isn't true. Please tell me where on earth you managed to drag up those stats from?	episode_done:True
text:The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work.	labels:Dwp says 11% of Muslim men and 16% of Muslim women are unemployed, that took me 30 seconds to find on google. Why bother making up things?	episode_done:True
text:The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work.	labels:Yeah. But no. Computer says 16% of Muslim women and 11% of Muslim men are unemployed and claiming benefits. If others aren't working then they're not on benefits just being taken care of by hard working family members. As I hope my children will do for me one day (are you listening son?).	episode_done:True
text:The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work.	labels:How can you say this about an entire of group of people from all walks of life?	episode_done:True
text:The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work.	labels:According to the Sun they are not refusing work but unemployment for Muslims is 1) due to discrimination against them, 2) that the report only looked at full time employment not P-T work, 3) say that numbers are pushed up because mums are more likely to stay at home while children are little.	episode_done:True
text:The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work.	labels:Nearly half of all British Muslims in UK (and two thirds of them simply call themselves British) live in areas of highest deprivation and you think they choose this?	episode_done:True
text:The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work.	labels:Job applicants with non-Muslim names are 3 times more likely to get a job interview than those with Muslim names. Remind me again why it is that they struggle to find work?	episode_done:True
text:The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work.	labels:Provide examples of those in the muslim community working.	episode_done:True
text:The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work.	labels:If I say it and find one or two online references does that make it true? What if I write: 'The vast majority of Islamophobes are unemployed and refuse to work.' ?	episode_done:True
text:The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work.	labels:Do you really think this? So how otherwise they can support themselves?	episode_done:True
text:The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work.	labels:That is not what I observe from the many hardworking muslims contributing to our economy.	episode_done:True
text:The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work.	labels:If they were refusing work then they will not be on benefits. So what is your problem.	episode_done:True
text:The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work.	labels:How do you know this? Do you have any proof, official papers?	episode_done:True
text:The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work.	labels:Discrimination by employers in Europe against Muslims has been noted to be a cause of lesser employment figures of Muslims in the workforce.	episode_done:True
text:The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work.	labels:Well at least they're not taking our jobs then!	episode_done:True
text:The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work.	labels:That might be because of the discrimination they face in the labour market.	episode_done:True
text:The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work.	labels:Muslims make up many important jobs in the UK, such as charity workers, healthcare professionals and teachers.	episode_done:True
text:The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work.	labels:The proportion of Muslims unemployed is no more than that of non-Muslims (add a link to UK employment statistics).	episode_done:True
text:The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work.	labels:Where this misconception is coming from?	episode_done:True
text:The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work.	labels:That is a sweeping generalisation to make, got any facts to back that up?	episode_done:True
text:The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work.	labels:Have you spoken to or worked with a muslim?	episode_done:True
text:The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work.	labels:This is not true. Muslims have a marginally higher unemployment rate compared to white British people but research has shown that much of this is down to discriminatory employment practices as opposed to 'refusing to work'.	episode_done:True
text:The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work.	labels:Well studies show that people from ethnic minorities have to send 74% more applications to achieve equal success to White people. There's your cause of unemployment.	episode_done:True
text:The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work.	labels:All Muslim people I know are employed and hard working individuals. Stereotyping much?	episode_done:True
text:The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work.	labels:Muslims create over 70000 jobs in their firms in London alone, so no they do not refuse to work, they in fact create work for others.	episode_done:True
text:The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work.	labels:Muslims work in many diverse employment sectors, contributing to the UK's economy through their hard work and tax contributions.	episode_done:True
text:The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work.	labels:Where did you get your figures from? Because everywhere I look its a completely different story.	episode_done:True
text:The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work.	labels:Refuse to work do they? But at the same time they're coming over here taking our jobs. Tricky one that!	episode_done:True
text:The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work.	labels:Provide unemployment data breakdown if possible.	episode_done:True
text:The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work.	labels:If any Muslims are unemployed it is probably because of the discrimination they face, which tweets like this reinforce.	episode_done:True
text:The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work.	labels:How many unemployed 'lazy' Muslims do you know? There are no more work-shy muslims than there are people of any other faith.	episode_done:True
text:The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work.	labels:Did you even bother to google this before you tweeted it? Some Islamophobic tweets are so incorrect I do not know how you could expect anyone to believe them.	episode_done:True
text:The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work.	labels:Replace Muslim with any other group and can you see how false this statement is?	episode_done:True
text:The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work.	labels:Around 12% of Muslims in the UK are unemployed, please do some basic research before posting fake statistics.	episode_done:True
text:How can we fight anti-Semitism when city ghettos of Birmingham, Bradford, etc. Are full of anti-Semitic Pakistani muslims? Labour is lost to the mix of Radical Islam/middle class.	labels:All forms of hatred are wrong and should be countered.	episode_done:True
text:How can we fight anti-Semitism when city ghettos of Birmingham, Bradford, etc. Are full of anti-Semitic Pakistani muslims? Labour is lost to the mix of Radical Islam/middle class.	labels:Sociological research shows that Western people and immigrants occupy completely different slots in the labour market. Thus, we cannot cay that Muslims prevent the white people from getting the position.	episode_done:True
text:How can we fight anti-Semitism when city ghettos of Birmingham, Bradford, etc. Are full of anti-Semitic Pakistani muslims? Labour is lost to the mix of Radical Islam/middle class.	labels:Dear friend, do not you think anti-Muslim is another version of anti-Semitic? I suggest that we stop racism, and hopefully once and for all.	episode_done:True
text:How can we fight anti-Semitism when city ghettos of Birmingham, Bradford, etc. Are full of anti-Semitic Pakistani muslims? Labour is lost to the mix of Radical Islam/middle class.	labels:It is funny how lots of Jewish and Muslim groups are coming together to fight hate crime. (insert example)	episode_done:True
text:How can we fight anti-Semitism when city ghettos of Birmingham, Bradford, etc. Are full of anti-Semitic Pakistani muslims? Labour is lost to the mix of Radical Islam/middle class.	labels:Do you know that anti-Islamism is actually a form of anti-Semitism? It is equally wrong to hate Jews and Muslims.	episode_done:True
text:British citizens can not find a job because of those Muslims being employed instead. It does not matter whether they have skills and experience or not. It is all about political correctness.	labels:First of all, how do you know that this is true? Any valid sources prove it? Because it sounds like nonsense. Second of all, I do not think that people would employ someone without any skills or experience no matter how politically correct they would like to be.	episode_done:True
text:99% of Muslims in the UK are unemployable and refuse to work.	labels:So all the Muslim doctors, business owners, servicemen/women, taxi drivers, chefs, etc. That I've encountered must be part of that 1% then?	episode_done:True
text:99% of Muslims in the UK are unemployable and refuse to work.	labels:Do you actually expect people to believe a fact THIS fake? At least try and think of a believable percentage.	episode_done:True
text:99% of Muslims in the UK are unemployable and refuse to work.	labels:Statistics and facts simply prove this wrong.	episode_done:True
text:99% of Muslims in the UK are unemployable and refuse to work.	labels:So all the Muslim doctors, business owners, servicemen/women, taxi drivers, chefs, etc. In our country are in fact unemployed? How do they pull that off!	episode_done:True
text:99% of Muslims in the UK are unemployable and refuse to work.	labels:How can you say this about millions of people?	episode_done:True
text:99% of Muslims in the UK are unemployable and refuse to work.	labels:That is a blatant lie. (attach unemployment statistics)	episode_done:True
text:99% of Muslims in the UK are unemployable and refuse to work.	labels:The vast majority of them bring necessary skills into our economy/society. Plus, they are eager to work. I would suggest to check your sources?	episode_done:True
text:99% of Muslims in the UK are unemployable and refuse to work.	labels:So all the doctors, teachers, shop owners and workers belong in this category? I do not think so!	episode_done:True
text:99% of Muslims in the UK are unemployable and refuse to work.	labels:If we did not legally prohibit asylum seekers from working, maybe more of them would be employed.	episode_done:True
text:99% of Muslims in the UK are unemployable and refuse to work.	labels:Provide facts.	episode_done:True
text:99% of Muslims in the UK are unemployable and refuse to work.	labels:100% of the unemployed Muslim stats I read on Twitter are fake. Muslim unemployment is at 12% in the UK, and many of that number are actively seeking work.	episode_done:True
text:99% of Muslims in the UK are unemployable and refuse to work.	labels:Where did you get this figure from? Might I get some real evidence for this? Because this seems very much unrealistic.	episode_done:True
text:You think these Muslim cockroaches have won? No, now is time for bloody retribution!	labels:That sounds like quite a threat. Remind me again who's supposed to be the dangerous, violent group here?	episode_done:True
text:You think these Muslim cockroaches have won? No, now is time for bloody retribution!	labels:I do not think Muslim people are trying to 'win' anything. It is only intolerant individuals like you trying to make this an us and them competition.	episode_done:True
text:You think these Muslim cockroaches have won? No, now is time for bloody retribution!	labels:Wow, pipe down. Why so angry?	episode_done:True
text:You think these Muslim cockroaches have won? No, now is time for bloody retribution!	labels:1000s of Muslims died in WW1 and 2 defending Britain, 1000s still in UK armed forces defending peace across the world. Bloody retribution on them, really?	episode_done:True
text:You think these Muslim cockroaches have won? No, now is time for bloody retribution!	labels:Quick while they're distracted being doctors, nurses, teachers and just getting on with their lives. (its comments like yours that creates tension and conflict)	episode_done:True
text:You think these Muslim cockroaches have won? No, now is time for bloody retribution!	labels:Not sure what you mean about Muslim's having won, when over 400,000 Muslims fought and died voluntarily for Britain in WW1, anyone would think they have always been on our side.	episode_done:True
text:You think these Muslim cockroaches have won? No, now is time for bloody retribution!	labels:That sounds like quite a violent threat. Should I let the police know about this or?	episode_done:True
text:You think these Muslim cockroaches have won? No, now is time for bloody retribution!	labels:Such dehumanising language against many people.	episode_done:True
text:You think these Muslim cockroaches have won? No, now is time for bloody retribution!	labels:What are they trying to win? Muslims in the UK aren't at war with anyone, the only thing creating conflict is Islamophobic rhetoric like this, seeking to create a divide.	episode_done:True
text:You think these Muslim cockroaches have won? No, now is time for bloody retribution!	labels:Sounds like incitement to me.	episode_done:True
text:You think these Muslim cockroaches have won? No, now is time for bloody retribution!	labels:Bloody retribution? Most people of all faiths are just getting on with their lives and a tiny minority like your comment seems to be trying to create conflict. But I do not think any of you are winning.	episode_done:True
text:You think these Muslim cockroaches have won? No, now is time for bloody retribution!	labels:Didn't realise we were against each other. [insert number of Muslim doctors] seems like they're making Britain stronger.	episode_done:True
text:You think these Muslim cockroaches have won? No, now is time for bloody retribution!	labels:The only thing Muslims are trying to 'win' is the right to exist free from discrimination and dehumanising hate like this.	episode_done:True
text:You think these Muslim cockroaches have won? No, now is time for bloody retribution!	labels:Its not an us and them thing. We are all just trying to get on and make a living. You do not do that by putting anyone down.	episode_done:True
text:You think these Muslim cockroaches have won? No, now is time for bloody retribution!	labels:Have won at what? The only thing I see is paranoid messages like this painting a not so convincing picture of some sort of Muslim originated threat.	episode_done:True
text:You think these Muslim cockroaches have won? No, now is time for bloody retribution!	labels:Good to see you are so respectful of your fellow human beings. Cockroaches is such an endearing and humanising term.	episode_done:True
text:You think these Muslim cockroaches have won? No, now is time for bloody retribution!	labels:Bloody retribution? An eye for an eye makes the whole world blind!	episode_done:True
text:It is one law for Muslims and another law for us.	labels:Yes, as well as everything non-Muslims aren't allowed to do by law, Muslims also have to put up with hateful bigotry and prejudice from people like you.	episode_done:True
text:It is one law for Muslims and another law for us.	labels:In what way?	episode_done:True
text:It is one law for Muslims and another law for us.	labels:Evidence please?	episode_done:True
text:It is one law for Muslims and another law for us.	labels:It is quite literally not.	episode_done:True
text:It is one law for Muslims and another law for us.	labels:Nah, I think that is too much effort for our politicians.	episode_done:True
text:It is one law for Muslims and another law for us.	labels:If Muslims are treated any differently by the law, they're treated worse (link to article about stop and search and police targeting of Muslims).	episode_done:True
text:It is one law for Muslims and another law for us.	labels:Example?	episode_done:True
text:Islam is the greatest threat to Western civilisation.	labels:No because muslims and therefore islam live in western nations and add so much positivity.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is the greatest threat to Western civilisation.	labels:British Muslims contribute 31 billion to the UK economy and you'd call that a threat?	episode_done:True
text:Islam is the greatest threat to Western civilisation.	labels:I'd say the real threat is divisive comments like this.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is the greatest threat to Western civilisation.	labels:Islam has existed alongside and within western civilisation for centuries. The scapegoating of Muslims as a threat is what is really worrying in our society.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is the greatest threat to Western civilisation.	labels:Do you think maybe the media paints this picture of Islam to distract people from actual threats to civilisation, which are a conflict of interest for the powerful? Climate change and capitalist exploitation spring to mind.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is the greatest threat to Western civilisation.	labels:A much bigger threat to our diverse, tolerant western civilisation is hatred generalised to entire religions.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is the greatest threat to Western civilisation.	labels:Oh, the 95% of British Muslims who feel loyalty to the UK? Sounds terrifying!	episode_done:True
text:Go on talking to yourself, no one will listen. Islam does not belong within western society. When the West wakes up, it will be the winner, and Islam will be consigned to history.	labels:Have you thought about what western value is what Islam is really about?	episode_done:True
text:Go on talking to yourself, no one will listen. Islam does not belong within western society. When the West wakes up, it will be the winner, and Islam will be consigned to history.	labels:Go on talking to yourself, no one will listen.	episode_done:True
text:Go on talking to yourself, no one will listen. Islam does not belong within western society. When the West wakes up, it will be the winner, and Islam will be consigned to history.	labels:What exactly is the West going to 'win'? Muslims are not waging a war on western society, it is only the fearmongering media spreading these myths and causing divide.	episode_done:True
text:Go on talking to yourself, no one will listen. Islam does not belong within western society. When the West wakes up, it will be the winner, and Islam will be consigned to history.	labels:I thought our society was based on respect tolerance and merit. Hate and prejudice does not belong in western society.	episode_done:True
text:Go on talking to yourself, no one will listen. Islam does not belong within western society. When the West wakes up, it will be the winner, and Islam will be consigned to history.	labels:Except for all the people who are muslim and live in the west peacefully?	episode_done:True
text:Go on talking to yourself, no one will listen. Islam does not belong within western society. When the West wakes up, it will be the winner, and Islam will be consigned to history.	labels:Let's do the Timewarp again! Let's not re-run the Crusades. It did not end well last time.	episode_done:True
text:Go on talking to yourself, no one will listen. Islam does not belong within western society. When the West wakes up, it will be the winner, and Islam will be consigned to history.	labels:Islam does belong in our multicultural Western society. Unfortunately for you, intolerance doesn't.	episode_done:True
text:Go on talking to yourself, no one will listen. Islam does not belong within western society. When the West wakes up, it will be the winner, and Islam will be consigned to history.	labels:I'd agree that there are 'fundamentalist' elements of various religions that are incompatible with 21st century Western values, but this is because 'successful' religions are not 'mono-cultures' but faiths that adapt, change and borrow from the local cultures in the countries in which they are practiced.	episode_done:True
text:Go on talking to yourself, no one will listen. Islam does not belong within western society. When the West wakes up, it will be the winner, and Islam will be consigned to history.	labels:The only obstacle to Islam coexisting with Western culture is intolerance like this.	episode_done:True
text:Go on talking to yourself, no one will listen. Islam does not belong within western society. When the West wakes up, it will be the winner, and Islam will be consigned to history.	labels:Who said that West and Islam are competing at all? Is there a war? I do not like this way of seeing things. We should live in one world together and solve bigger problems humanity is facing, not fight over different cultures.	episode_done:True
text:Go on talking to yourself, no one will listen. Islam does not belong within western society. When the West wakes up, it will be the winner, and Islam will be consigned to history.	labels:Unless of course we are already awake and recognise that the winners are those of us that can embrace respect tolerance and merit.	episode_done:True
text:Go on talking to yourself, no one will listen. Islam does not belong within western society. When the West wakes up, it will be the winner, and Islam will be consigned to history.	labels:The media scapegoats Muslims and encourages division. When will YOU wake up and see you have been misled by institutions creating an 'us' and 'them' divide, demonising Muslims to detract attention from bigger societal issues.	episode_done:True
text:Go on talking to yourself, no one will listen. Islam does not belong within western society. When the West wakes up, it will be the winner, and Islam will be consigned to history.	labels:Islam has given many things to the Western society. For example, medicine, mathematics. These things belong with our society. It is not correct to deny all good things about a certain culture.	episode_done:True
text:Go on talking to yourself, no one will listen. Islam does not belong within western society. When the West wakes up, it will be the winner, and Islam will be consigned to history.	labels:I am not sure what you think the West will be the 'winner' of. Islam isn't in competition with Western culture, and the idea it threatens it is a myth spread to incite fear.	episode_done:True
text:Islam - Silence is tacit acceptance. Raise your voice before it is too late!	labels:Raise your voice in celebration! They bring so much to share, skills, tolerance and love - do not believe the hate mongers.	episode_done:True
text:Islam - Silence is tacit acceptance. Raise your voice before it is too late!	labels:Sorry I think your a couple millennia too late.	episode_done:True
text:Islam - Silence is tacit acceptance. Raise your voice before it is too late!	labels:Or just maybe, the silence is because there is only a tiny number of people that agree with you.	episode_done:True
text:Islam - Silence is tacit acceptance. Raise your voice before it is too late!	labels:Christianity and Islam are united in preaching love and leaving judgment to God / Allah what are you preaching?	episode_done:True
text:Islam - Silence is tacit acceptance. Raise your voice before it is too late!	labels:There is nothing to raise your voice to. Have you ever spoken to your local Muslim community?	episode_done:True
text:Islam - Silence is tacit acceptance. Raise your voice before it is too late!	labels:You are right, if you experience hate in any form, report it.	episode_done:True
text:Islam - Silence is tacit acceptance. Raise your voice before it is too late!	labels:After tolerance comes acceptance - after acceptance comes love - we are halfway there! Christianity and Islam are united in preaching love now that is something to shout about.	episode_done:True
text:Islam - Silence is tacit acceptance. Raise your voice before it is too late!	labels:Islam - Silence is tacit acceptance. Raise your voice against Islamophobia!	episode_done:True
text:Someone needs to put those Muslims in a hole in the ground before they start to blow us all up again.	labels:That sounds very extreme, remind me again which group is the violent dangerous one?	episode_done:True
text:Someone needs to put those Muslims in a hole in the ground before they start to blow us all up again.	labels:Don't believe biased media coverage about all Muslims being terrorists, the vast majority of Muslims condemn these people. The world is a much better place than what is portrayed in the news.	episode_done:True
text:Someone needs to put those Muslims in a hole in the ground before they start to blow us all up again.	labels:The 100 million pounds they donated to charity on Ramadan must be part of that evil plan to blow everyone up.	episode_done:True
text:Someone needs to put those Muslims in a hole in the ground before they start to blow us all up again.	labels:Right-wing terrorism, especially terrorist activities perpetrated by the far-right are greater in number (in the US) than those motivated by Islamic extremism.	episode_done:True
text:Someone needs to put those Muslims in a hole in the ground before they start to blow us all up again.	labels:This is a disgusting thing to say, you would not say this about non-Muslims would you?	episode_done:True
text:Someone needs to put those Muslims in a hole in the ground before they start to blow us all up again.	labels:Holocaust mk 2? Are you really that person?	episode_done:True
text:Someone needs to put those Muslims in a hole in the ground before they start to blow us all up again.	labels:Last time I heard Muslims came into Europe to help rebuild it after WW2 when Europeans blew each other up.	episode_done:True
text:Someone needs to put those Muslims in a hole in the ground before they start to blow us all up again.	labels:Terrorism is not confined to one particular religion.	episode_done:True
text:Someone needs to put those Muslims in a hole in the ground before they start to blow us all up again.	labels:Many Muslims, especially those living in the Middle East are victims of terrorism and terrorist attacks on a daily basis such as those perpetrated by ISIS.	episode_done:True
text:Someone needs to put those Muslims in a hole in the ground before they start to blow us all up again.	labels:Think you are digging yourself into a bit of a hole there.	episode_done:True
text:Someone needs to put those Muslims in a hole in the ground before they start to blow us all up again.	labels:Should we 'put all Christians in a hole in the ground' to punish the minority who carry out terror attacks in the name of their faith? Or would that be a disproportionate response to the actions of a minority?	episode_done:True
text:Someone needs to put those Muslims in a hole in the ground before they start to blow us all up again.	labels:Far right terrorism has been identified as the biggest terrorist threat by US and UK intelligence agencies. Are you sure it is Muslims we need to be worried about?	episode_done:True
text:Someone needs to put those Muslims in a hole in the ground before they start to blow us all up again.	labels:Why are you blaming an entire community for the actions of a few? And, most importantly, violence does not solve anything.	episode_done:True
text:Someone needs to put those Muslims in a hole in the ground before they start to blow us all up again.	labels:An eye for an eye makes the whole world blind.	episode_done:True
text:Someone needs to put those Muslims in a hole in the ground before they start to blow us all up again.	labels:Far-right extremism has been named by the government as the biggest terrorist threat to the UK. These are the people you should be looking out for not, Muslims.	episode_done:True
text:Someone needs to put those Muslims in a hole in the ground before they start to blow us all up again.	labels:How can you say this about people who do not have anything at all to do with those terror attacks?	episode_done:True
text:Someone needs to put those Muslims in a hole in the ground before they start to blow us all up again.	labels:Dig a hole, build a wall, get your act together guys.	episode_done:True
text:Someone needs to put those Muslims in a hole in the ground before they start to blow us all up again.	labels:Or let's not. Let's stop fueling the war that brings more refugees here and integrate those that are here. Most people want a quiet happy life what ever their faith.	episode_done:True
text:Someone needs to put those Muslims in a hole in the ground before they start to blow us all up again.	labels:Violent extremism is terrible. It is a shame Muslims have to put up with it.	episode_done:True
text:Someone needs to put those Muslims in a hole in the ground before they start to blow us all up again.	labels:The West continually bombs Middle Eastern and Muslim countries. Maybe we should stop blowing people up.	episode_done:True
text:Someone needs to put those Muslims in a hole in the ground before they start to blow us all up again.	labels:You start digging if that keeps you happy.	episode_done:True
text:Someone needs to put those Muslims in a hole in the ground before they start to blow us all up again.	labels:How can you say this about 1.6 billion people?	episode_done:True
text:Someone needs to put those Muslims in a hole in the ground before they start to blow us all up again.	labels:More people die in road accidents, maybe we should put the drivers in there too?	episode_done:True
text:Someone needs to put those Muslims in a hole in the ground before they start to blow us all up again.	labels:And after you have done that who's gonna taxi you home, provide that takeaway after a hard days graft and nurse those callouses on your hands? And do not get me started on the doctors you might need.	episode_done:True
text:Someone needs to put those Muslims in a hole in the ground before they start to blow us all up again.	labels:Getting rid of 22% of the world's population sounds quite laborious, perhaps we should just punish the small minority of people who actually commit a crime instead.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have no place in civilised Europe.	labels:Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have no place in civilised Europe.	labels:All peoples have a place in every part of the world.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have no place in civilised Europe.	labels:A 'civilised Europe' would never ban a group based on their religious belief; Islamophobic sentiment such as this is the antithesis of civilised.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have no place in civilised Europe.	labels:Why? What makes you say this? How are muslims 'uncivilised'?	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have no place in civilised Europe.	labels:Shall we also ban coffee, paper, guitar, the English language, algebra, vaccinations against disease, canals, hospitals, the numeric system and every other contribution to 'civilised Europe' from the Islamic world?	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have no place in civilised Europe.	labels:They are here because 'civilised' crusaders first went there and more came later we invited them over to rebuild the our civilsation after the war.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have no place in civilised Europe.	labels:So-called civilised Europe has benefited from Islamic contributions for hundreds of years, even some basic research would tell you that Muslims have just as much right as any other to be here.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have no place in civilised Europe.	labels:What is wrong with Muslims living in Europe?	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have no place in civilised Europe.	labels:Do people who make such sweeping statements based on hate and ignorance belong in our civilisation then?	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have no place in civilised Europe.	labels:Is it civilised to think that millions of people from different countries, cultures, and traditions and branches of Islam? Would you think that about any other religion?	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have no place in civilised Europe.	labels:How can you say that about a faith of 1.6 billion people?	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have no place in civilised Europe.	labels:Hatred and discrimination do not either.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have no place in civilised Europe.	labels:Why not? 'civilised' Europe could benefit from the diversity and expertise of Muslims here, the mix of cultures here is what makes Europe great.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have no place in civilised Europe.	labels:Muslim, as other human beings, have a right to live whenever they want.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have no place in civilised Europe.	labels:Muslims contribute much to Europe and have done since the 19th Century.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have no place in civilised Europe.	labels:There are centuries old Islamic communities in Europe.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have no place in civilised Europe.	labels:The first universities in Europe were established by Muslims. Muslims are the ones who helped create 'civilized' Europe.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have no place in civilised Europe.	labels:Provide positive news stories about the Muslim community.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have no place in civilised Europe.	labels:Muslims have been a part of European society for hundreds of years, what is not 'civilised' is your attitude towards them.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have no place in civilised Europe.	labels:Muslims have been in Europe since the 6th century and they belong here as much as anyone else.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have no place in civilised Europe.	labels:It seems like you are against Muslims if you are saying something like this? Why is that?	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have no place in civilised Europe.	labels:Muslims are peace-loving, law-abiding and hard-working, contributing much to the UK economically and culturally.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have no place in civilised Europe.	labels:It is not very civilised of you to be intolerant of another religion.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have no place in civilised Europe.	labels:We still use Arabic numbers, maths, medicines, and rely on trade and loans from Islamic countries. Islam is an intricate part of civilization as we know it.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have no place in civilised Europe.	labels:Oh, the same Muslims who contribute more than 31 billion pounds to economy and who give more to charity than other religious groups. Link to MEND factsheet.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have no place in civilised Europe.	labels:I'd rather have a civilisation based on equality and justice where everyone is judge by their merit and not through sweeping generalisations and prejudice.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have no place in civilised Europe.	labels:Well most Muslims are here because of our 'civilised' crusades, 'civilised' industrial scale slavery, and 'civilised' pillaging of natural resources and yet the vast majority of Muslims in the UK are proud to be British, work hard and and contribute to the economy.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have no place in civilised Europe.	labels:You mean all those doctors, nurses, architects, artists, teachers?	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have no place in civilised Europe.	labels:Muslims do have a place in Europe's multicultural society. Unfortunately for you, intolerance doesn't.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have no place in civilised Europe.	labels:After world war 2 European governments recruited Muslims to rebuild Europe. There would not be a civilised Europe without Muslims.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have no place in civilised Europe.	labels:Every single Muslim? Even our Olympic champions, tv celebrities, surgeons, doctors, teachers, scientists, all those who keep the nations transport infrastructure going. You really think they have no place in civilisation?	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have no place in civilised Europe.	labels:Some of the oldest civilisations in existence are Islamic. I would not call the religious hatred directed at Muslims in Europe 'civilised'.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have no place in civilised Europe.	labels:What do you base your view on?	episode_done:True
text:Muslims have no place in civilised Europe.	labels:Why? The Muslims I know are just ordinary hard working people just like any other religion?	episode_done:True
text:All Muslims should be deported, no one wants them here.	labels:Where do we deport the Muslims who were born here to?	episode_done:True
text:All Muslims should be deported, no one wants them here.	labels:Deported where? They are UK Citizens?	episode_done:True
text:All Muslims should be deported, no one wants them here.	labels:The negative stereotypes and extreme examples in the media are not representative of all Muslims. Don't believe everything you read.	episode_done:True
text:All Muslims should be deported, no one wants them here.	labels:And what should we do with he bigots and racists?	episode_done:True
text:All Muslims should be deported, no one wants them here.	labels:Are you sure about this? Have you interviewed every single person in this country? Tell me more about this.	episode_done:True
text:All Muslims should be deported, no one wants them here.	labels:I have so many amazing Muslim friends. I do not want them deported. What is your reasoning?	episode_done:True
text:All Muslims should be deported, no one wants them here.	labels:If that were really true why are there so few people saying it?	episode_done:True
text:All Muslims should be deported, no one wants them here.	labels:You mean YOU do not want them here, most everyone else does, sorry.	episode_done:True
text:All Muslims should be deported, no one wants them here.	labels:That is quite a generalisation. What have 'all' Muslims done to deserve being deported?	episode_done:True
text:All Muslims should be deported, no one wants them here.	labels:By 'no one wants them here' do you mean just you specifically do not want them here?	episode_done:True
text:All Muslims should be deported, no one wants them here.	labels:But the ones I know are just hard working people taking care of their families and neighbours. Like most people.	episode_done:True
text:All Muslims should be deported, no one wants them here.	labels:I want them here?	episode_done:True
text:All Muslims should be deported, no one wants them here.	labels:You are clearly not speaking on behalf of me.	episode_done:True
text:All Muslims should be deported, no one wants them here.	labels:I think many people would disagree. I certainly want all our Muslim doctors, teachers, lawyers and politicians here.	episode_done:True
text:All Muslims should be deported, no one wants them here.	labels:The vast majority of ordinary, tolerant people would disagree. Muslims are welcome in the UK, Islamophobia is not.	episode_done:True
text:All Muslims should be deported, no one wants them here.	labels:No, bad plan. So much less diversity and cultural richness.	episode_done:True
text:All Muslims should be deported, no one wants them here.	labels:You are aware there are millions of Muslims that add to society and the economy which would collapse.	episode_done:True
text:All Muslims should be deported, no one wants them here.	labels:Deported to where? Many Muslims were born in this country and are part of our culture and society.	episode_done:True
text:All Muslims should be deported, no one wants them here.	labels:But can we keep the doctors and nurses please, oh and the taxi drivers and my local take away, and my son's favourite teacher and I did enjoy getting all those gold medals last Olympics and others.	episode_done:True
text:All Muslims should be deported, no one wants them here.	labels:Deported to where? A majority of Muslims in the west were born here, you cannot send someone back to a place they have never been.	episode_done:True
text:All Muslims should be deported, no one wants them here.	labels:Then we would be left with angry people like you. Doesn't seem to be the best plan.	episode_done:True
text:All Muslims should be deported, no one wants them here.	labels:But we would have much less doctors, chefs, politicians, drivers, scientists, philanthropists.	episode_done:True
text:All Muslims should be deported, no one wants them here.	labels:What about the many Muslim people born in this country? Where do you propose to deport them to?	episode_done:True
text:All Muslims should be deported, no one wants them here.	labels:Except when you need a taxi, a surgeon, a teacher, a train, a doctor, an Olympic medal, great food, sounds a bit like a Monty Python sketch.	episode_done:True
text:All Muslims should be deported, no one wants them here.	labels:Really? You speak for everyone?	episode_done:True
text:All Muslims should be deported, no one wants them here.	labels:There's a few people I do not want here but deporting British Citizens feels a bit like a dictatorship.	episode_done:True
text:All Muslims should be deported, no one wants them here.	labels:Have you ever spoken to a mulsim?	episode_done:True
text:All Muslims should be deported, no one wants them here.	labels:Then why did we ask them to come in the first place, wasn't it top save our NHS, run the trains and post office. Non of those were doing very well last time I looked, I think we might actually still bneed them.	episode_done:True
text:Italy: Muslim demolishes a statue of Jesus. Italy: Why do we accept their Mosques? Why do we tolerate this scum? And they want to continue to import this filth?	labels:Because one person does not represent a whole religion, which one person today could reflect the whole of Christianity through their behaviour and belief?	episode_done:True
text:Italy: Muslim demolishes a statue of Jesus. Italy: Why do we accept their Mosques? Why do we tolerate this scum? And they want to continue to import this filth?	labels:For an individual disrespecting someone else's religion, you sure are angry about an individual disrespecting someone else's religion.	episode_done:True
text:Italy: Muslim demolishes a statue of Jesus. Italy: Why do we accept their Mosques? Why do we tolerate this scum? And they want to continue to import this filth?	labels:This is generalization. Maybe the case you mentioned is just the minority. Besides, some governments even destroys pepople's house. We should pay much more attention to this instead.	episode_done:True
text:Italy: Muslim demolishes a statue of Jesus. Italy: Why do we accept their Mosques? Why do we tolerate this scum? And they want to continue to import this filth?	labels:Muslims also contribut a lot to our society by doing manys works that our own people do not want to do, or doing cutting edge research.	episode_done:True
text:Italy: Muslim demolishes a statue of Jesus. Italy: Why do we accept their Mosques? Why do we tolerate this scum? And they want to continue to import this filth?	labels:The best way to beat hatred is not with more hatred.	episode_done:True
text:Italy: Muslim demolishes a statue of Jesus. Italy: Why do we accept their Mosques? Why do we tolerate this scum? And they want to continue to import this filth?	labels:Why have we built Churches all over the world? How many holy buildings have we demolished over history? This is never acceptable, but can we really be casting the first stone?	episode_done:True
text:Italy: Muslim demolishes a statue of Jesus. Italy: Why do we accept their Mosques? Why do we tolerate this scum? And they want to continue to import this filth?	labels:Many Muslims feed the homeless, offer shelter, work in hospitals, schools and keep the country going. Maybe we should invite more?	episode_done:True
text:Italy: Muslim demolishes a statue of Jesus. Italy: Why do we accept their Mosques? Why do we tolerate this scum? And they want to continue to import this filth?	labels:What would Jesus say? I do not think He would be preaching intolerance and Hate!	episode_done:True
text:Italy: Muslim demolishes a statue of Jesus. Italy: Why do we accept their Mosques? Why do we tolerate this scum? And they want to continue to import this filth?	labels:Man spreads Hate, encourages intolerance, why do we accept this? And they want to continue this filth?	episode_done:True
text:Appeasement to Islam and Muslims is a mental illness. It is a fact.	labels:Tolerance of people with different religious beliefs is not an illness, hatred and fear of people different than you sounds much more unhealthy.	episode_done:True
text:Appeasement to Islam and Muslims is a mental illness. It is a fact.	labels:Islam is a part of our multicultural society, just like any other religion. Accepting it is not 'appeasement', it is basic tolerance for others.	episode_done:True
text:Appeasement to Islam and Muslims is a mental illness. It is a fact.	labels:Or maybe appeasement to Muslims is just tolerance and understanding. Give that a try!	episode_done:True
text:Appeasement to Islam and Muslims is a mental illness. It is a fact.	labels:Accepting people from all walks of life is not an illness.	episode_done:True
text:Appeasement to Islam and Muslims is a mental illness. It is a fact.	labels:Unicorns eat fairy dust, I said it so its a fact.	episode_done:True
text:Appeasement to Islam and Muslims is a mental illness. It is a fact.	labels:If values of tolerance, respect and human decency are akin to mental illness, I am happy to be classed that way.	episode_done:True
text:Appeasement to Islam and Muslims is a mental illness. It is a fact.	labels:I do not think it is. A 'fact' by who?	episode_done:True
text:Appeasement to Islam and Muslims is a mental illness. It is a fact.	labels:Appeasement? 1.6 billion muslims are not the enemy?	episode_done:True
text:Appeasement to Islam and Muslims is a mental illness. It is a fact.	labels:Maybe appeasement to people of different faith and beliefs is not such a bad thing. They call it tolerance.	episode_done:True
text:Appeasement to Islam and Muslims is a mental illness. It is a fact.	labels:Most Muslims are well-integrated in society and do not want to be 'appeased' and instead treated as normal citizens in society.	episode_done:True
text:Appeasement to Islam and Muslims is a mental illness. It is a fact.	labels:Putting 'it's a fact' after an ungrounded opinion does not make it a fact.	episode_done:True
text:Appeasement to Islam and Muslims is a mental illness. It is a fact.	labels:If by appeasement you really mean keeping the NHS running, trains running, taxis going, hard working people fed, late night emergency beer runs possible then yeah, its mental.	episode_done:True
text:Appeasement to Islam and Muslims is a mental illness. It is a fact.	labels:I do not see anything wrong in trying to understand different cultures and religions better. Most important, I would not call it a mental illness. This is disrespectful.	episode_done:True
text:Appeasement to Islam and Muslims is a mental illness. It is a fact.	labels:But as Muslims contribute Billions to the economy, build SMEs, and contribute more than they take is not appeasing its gaining.	episode_done:True
text:Appeasement to Islam and Muslims is a mental illness. It is a fact.	labels:As is paranoia.	episode_done:True
text:Appeasement to Islam and Muslims is a mental illness. It is a fact.	labels:Peace, tolerance, unity, community, cooperation, being neighbourly, are they mental illness too?	episode_done:True
text:Appeasement to Islam and Muslims is a mental illness. It is a fact.	labels:If you actually knew more about different religions and cultures you would not say this.	episode_done:True
text:Appeasement to Islam and Muslims is a mental illness. It is a fact.	labels:It is called tolerance. It is a fact. Do try it!	episode_done:True
text:Appeasement to Islam and Muslims is a mental illness. It is a fact.	labels:No, it is not a fact because it is simply not true.	episode_done:True
text:Appeasement to Islam and Muslims is a mental illness. It is a fact.	labels:You obviously do not understand what mental illness is? Why do not you read up on some psychology.	episode_done:True
text:What is the point in listening to Muslim women? They are all retarded.	labels:The point of listening to Muslim women, and women in general, is that they could broaden and enlighten your view of the world.	episode_done:True
text:What is the point in listening to Muslim women? They are all retarded.	labels:Baroness Warsi, Rashida Tlaib, Ilhan Omar, Malala Yousafzai- I could go on. Just because powerful and intelligent Muslim women are overlooked it does not mean that they do not exist.	episode_done:True
text:What is the point in listening to Muslim women? They are all retarded.	labels:It is just so hard to take you seriously when your Islamophobia, misogyny and disablist language combined make you seem excessively uninformed.	episode_done:True
text:What is the point in listening to Muslim women? They are all retarded.	labels:How about influential figures like Baroness Sayeeda Warsi? Or Harvard Fellow Hayfa Al-Kaylani? Should I list some more brilliantly smart Muslim women?	episode_done:True
text:What is the point in listening to Muslim women? They are all retarded.	labels:So the headscarf impedes brain function? Seems like your problem is sexism and misogyny not Islam.	episode_done:True
text:What is the point in listening to Muslim women? They are all retarded.	labels:Perhaps if you listened, you'd realise just how uninformed you sound.	episode_done:True
text:What is the point in listening to Muslim women? They are all retarded.	labels:[gif of someone laughing] If Islamophobia is getting this weak, perhaps we have nothing to worry about.	episode_done:True
text:What is the point in listening to Muslim women? They are all retarded.	labels:You decide whether or not people are intelligent based on their religion? Well, this is not a way forward.	episode_done:True
text:What is the point in listening to Muslim women? They are all retarded.	labels:And when CVs submitted under a non Muslim name are 3 times more likely to get an interview than those submitted under a Muslim name, the problem very clearly lies with those employers who discriminate against Muslim women.	episode_done:True
text:What is the point in listening to Muslim women? They are all retarded.	labels:What is the point in listening to Western men? They are all Islamophobic and generalise narrow minded opinions to entire genders and religions.	episode_done:True
text:What is the point in listening to Muslim women? They are all retarded.	labels:So how come I met so many intelligent and smart Muslim women then? I think you should not be so quick to judge.	episode_done:True
text:What is the point in listening to Muslim women? They are all retarded.	labels:That is quite a big generalisation, and obviously a false and discriminatory one too.	episode_done:True
text:What is the point in listening to Muslim women? They are all retarded.	labels:Not sure how far dismissing 10% of the world's population will get us.	episode_done:True
text:What is the point in listening to Muslim women? They are all retarded.	labels:Grow up.	episode_done:True
text:What is the point in listening to Muslim women? They are all retarded.	labels:Sounds like thinly veiled sexism to me.	episode_done:True
text:What is the point in listening to Muslim women? They are all retarded.	labels:List of famous Muslim females.	episode_done:True
text:What is the point in listening to Muslim women? They are all retarded.	labels:Wow! Offending Muslims, women, and disabled people, all in one tweet? What is made you so angry?	episode_done:True
text:What is the point in listening to Muslim women? They are all retarded.	labels:What is the point in listening? Maybe because they actually have something good to say?	episode_done:True
text:What is the point in listening to Muslim women? They are all retarded.	labels:Don't use offensive language and you are literally saying do not listen to hundreds of millions of people of all walks of life.	episode_done:True
text:What is the point in listening to Muslim women? They are all retarded.	labels:The point is they might teach you a thing or two about first, respect, and secondly, tolerance.	episode_done:True
text:Labour party counts upon the votes of Britain Muslims, that is why they do not deal with disgusting antisemitism from their side! It is a question of math, that is all.	labels:Are you accusing all the Britain Muslims of antisemitism? I disagree, from my experience they are just usual people who do not show their hate towards anybody, they just live their lives.	episode_done:True
text:Labour party counts upon the votes of Britain Muslims, that is why they do not deal with disgusting antisemitism from their side! It is a question of math, that is all.	labels:I do not think Muslims constitute the major fraction of our society. Thus, I do not think the labour party is biased towarda them.	episode_done:True
text:Labour party counts upon the votes of Britain Muslims, that is why they do not deal with disgusting antisemitism from their side! It is a question of math, that is all.	labels:Evidence? All hatred is wrong and must be countered.	episode_done:True
text:Labour party counts upon the votes of Britain Muslims, that is why they do not deal with disgusting antisemitism from their side! It is a question of math, that is all.	labels:Do you know the numbers of the votes of Britain Muslims?	episode_done:True
text:Labour party counts upon the votes of Britain Muslims, that is why they do not deal with disgusting antisemitism from their side! It is a question of math, that is all.	labels:Britain Muslims means they are Britishes who enjoy the right covered by the Act. It is logical that labour party should consider their right and voice as well.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is a plague infecting our planet.	labels:A religion followed by 1.6 billion people is not a plague.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is a plague infecting our planet.	labels:It is just a religion like Christianity or any other. Get over it.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is a plague infecting our planet.	labels:Do you mean Islam is positively infecting our planet?	episode_done:True
text:Islam is a plague infecting our planet.	labels:Hatred and intolerance are the only thing plaguing our planet.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is a plague infecting our planet.	labels:Dare to explain why? I see people from this religion to be valuable members of our society like the rest of us.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is a plague infecting our planet.	labels:List of positive news stories re islam/muslims.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is a plague infecting our planet.	labels:Replace islam with any other religion and see just how deeply offensive what you just said is.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is a plague infecting our planet.	labels:Clearly there is so much we can learn from different religions and cultures.Why so negative?	episode_done:True
text:Islam is the cancer of the world and need to be surgically removed.	labels:Actually 26% of British doctors who are Asian or British/Asian are helping to fight cancer.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is the cancer of the world and need to be surgically removed.	labels:Please check this [https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/aug/01/immigrant-muslim-cancer-research]	episode_done:True
text:Islam is the cancer of the world and need to be surgically removed.	labels:An entire faith of 1.6 billion people is not a cancer.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is the cancer of the world and need to be surgically removed.	labels:What is truly cancerous is hatred towards an entire faith.	episode_done:True
text:Islam is the cancer of the world and need to be surgically removed.	labels:We would live in a much better world if intolerance was removed instead.	episode_done:True
text:We need to eradicate these pests, stop their benefits, free housing, access to our National Health service and remove them ALL from the UK, it is the only language they will understand.	labels:Eradicate these pests' sounds like quite a dehumanising threat. Maybe we should stop your benefits, free housing, and national health service. It might be the only language you will understand, to stop you from being so discriminatory.	episode_done:True
text:We need to eradicate these pests, stop their benefits, free housing, access to our National Health service and remove them ALL from the UK, it is the only language they will understand.	labels:26% of all doctors working in the NHS are Asian or Asian British, you want to bar them from accessing the service they keep running 24hrs a day?	episode_done:True
text:We need to eradicate these pests, stop their benefits, free housing, access to our National Health service and remove them ALL from the UK, it is the only language they will understand.	labels:Bit of a generalisation that, isn't it? If you cannot see that most Muslims contribute positively to the UK, you need to do a quick google search I think.	episode_done:True
text:We need to eradicate these pests, stop their benefits, free housing, access to our National Health service and remove them ALL from the UK, it is the only language they will understand.	labels:Did history teach you nothing? How can you say this about an entire group of people?	episode_done:True
text:We need to eradicate these pests, stop their benefits, free housing, access to our National Health service and remove them ALL from the UK, it is the only language they will understand.	labels:These people are actually subject to a harsh punitive system.	episode_done:True
text:We need to eradicate these pests, stop their benefits, free housing, access to our National Health service and remove them ALL from the UK, it is the only language they will understand.	labels:Muslims are no more likely to be reliant on benefits or social housing than the non-Muslim British population. Stop trying to depict Muslims as a drain on our national resources and try and consider the positive contributions they make.	episode_done:True
text:We need to eradicate these pests, stop their benefits, free housing, access to our National Health service and remove them ALL from the UK, it is the only language they will understand.	labels:Where exactly do you put people you remove from the UK, when they are from the UK?	episode_done:True
text:Muslims, if they cannot assimilate, they should emigrate.	labels:95% of British Muslims feel a loyalty to the UK and contribute over 31 billion pounds to the UK economy. They look like a valuable part of the community to me. (statistics from MEND.org.uk)	episode_done:True
text:Muslims, if they cannot assimilate, they should emigrate.	labels:One of the biggest barriers to assimilation is intolerance like this. Maybe if you made Muslims feel more welcome, they would?	episode_done:True
text:Muslims, if they cannot assimilate, they should emigrate.	labels:Many groups of people feel excluded for many reasons and should be supported.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims, if they cannot assimilate, they should emigrate.	labels:Maybe you are the one that needs to assimilate to living in a multicultural society with people who are different from you?	episode_done:True
text:Muslims, if they cannot assimilate, they should emigrate.	labels:A nation where everyone is the same sounds like a nation of robots to me.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims, if they cannot assimilate, they should emigrate.	labels:What if somebody is UK citizen and muslim?	episode_done:True
text:We need to Burn the Koran and all the Mosques down - this will solve all problems in this country.	labels:That intolerance and hatred is one of the biggest problems our country faces #spreadlovenothate.	episode_done:True
text:We need to Burn the Koran and all the Mosques down - this will solve all problems in this country.	labels:And so Ghandi said, ' An eye for an eye makes the whole world blind.'.	episode_done:True
text:We need to Burn the Koran and all the Mosques down - this will solve all problems in this country.	labels:How about a constructive approach to solving problems? Violence is never the answer! Nor is scapegoating one religious group as the root of all evil.	episode_done:True
text:We need to Burn the Koran and all the Mosques down - this will solve all problems in this country.	labels:Having a mosque built down the road is causing you problems? Really?	episode_done:True
text:We need to Burn the Koran and all the Mosques down - this will solve all problems in this country.	labels:It would not solve the hate and persecution that plagues these comments.	episode_done:True
text:We need to Burn the Koran and all the Mosques down - this will solve all problems in this country.	labels:Say this about any other faith and you will see how deeply offensive this is.	episode_done:True
text:We need to Burn the Koran and all the Mosques down - this will solve all problems in this country.	labels:What type of problems will this solve?	episode_done:True
text:We need to Burn the Koran and all the Mosques down - this will solve all problems in this country.	labels:Is this actually a way forward? I do not think that religious practice is responsible for bad behaviour of some people. Clearly there are other motivations for this type of behaviour.	episode_done:True
text:We need to Burn the Koran and all the Mosques down - this will solve all problems in this country.	labels:Yes, that is a great 'civilized' way to maintain your 'civilized' country from these terrible 'uncivilized' people.	episode_done:True
text:We need to Burn the Koran and all the Mosques down - this will solve all problems in this country.	labels:Though looking at your tweet, I am think what is left would be worse.	episode_done:True
text:We need to Burn the Koran and all the Mosques down - this will solve all problems in this country.	labels:Once you burn books you burn people. Has history taught you nothing?	episode_done:True
text:We need to Burn the Koran and all the Mosques down - this will solve all problems in this country.	labels:That sounds a lot like terrorism to me.	episode_done:True
text:We need to Burn the Koran and all the Mosques down - this will solve all problems in this country.	labels:Poverty, brexit, austerity, homelessness. Please enlighten me as to how banishing Islam would solve these problems?	episode_done:True
text:We need to Burn the Koran and all the Mosques down - this will solve all problems in this country.	labels:How will being angry and violent towards members your own community, who add so much, solve said communities issues?	episode_done:True
text:We need to Burn the Koran and all the Mosques down - this will solve all problems in this country.	labels:Really? Cause it seems problems in this country are caused by hatred and intolerance.	episode_done:True
text:We need to Burn the Koran and all the Mosques down - this will solve all problems in this country.	labels:So that will solve poverty, homelessness, division and hatred, Brexit. I did not know these were all down to Muslims! Wow!	episode_done:True
text:We need to Burn the Koran and all the Mosques down - this will solve all problems in this country.	labels:Sounds very much like incitement to me, do be careful.	episode_done:True
text:Quite strange, the majority of Easter Eggs are being labelled 'Chocolate Eggs', I think this is because of the Muslims in our country, and the companies are betraying our culture.	labels:Tbh I am struggling to find any Chocolate Eggs which are not labelled as Easter Eggs.	episode_done:True
text:Quite strange, the majority of Easter Eggs are being labelled 'Chocolate Eggs', I think this is because of the Muslims in our country, and the companies are betraying our culture.	labels:The companies can follow their own policies which are conditioned by globalization or marketing. It is not necessary to attribute everything to the Muslim invasion.	episode_done:True
text:Quite strange, the majority of Easter Eggs are being labelled 'Chocolate Eggs', I think this is because of the Muslims in our country, and the companies are betraying our culture.	labels:Just wondering what Muslims have to do with corporate branding tactics designed to make us spend more money.	episode_done:True
text:Quite strange, the majority of Easter Eggs are being labelled 'Chocolate Eggs', I think this is because of the Muslims in our country, and the companies are betraying our culture.	labels:Does it really matter how Easter Eggs are labelled? I do not think this matter is really important. Calling them in another fashion does not change our culture.	episode_done:True
text:Quite strange, the majority of Easter Eggs are being labelled 'Chocolate Eggs', I think this is because of the Muslims in our country, and the companies are betraying our culture.	labels:Easter Eggs were always about children getting chocolate and very little about any religion.	episode_done:True
text:Quite strange, the majority of Easter Eggs are being labelled 'Chocolate Eggs', I think this is because of the Muslims in our country, and the companies are betraying our culture.	labels:Except for Muslims, both Jesus and Easter are very important so they do not really have a problem with Easter.	episode_done:True
text:Quite strange, the majority of Easter Eggs are being labelled 'Chocolate Eggs', I think this is because of the Muslims in our country, and the companies are betraying our culture.	labels:Atheists like chocolate too!	episode_done:True
text:Quite strange, the majority of Easter Eggs are being labelled 'Chocolate Eggs', I think this is because of the Muslims in our country, and the companies are betraying our culture.	labels:Nobody is deceiving our culture as we still know what Easter eggs are and what they for. Deceiving would be just banning the eggs!	episode_done:True
text:Quite strange, the majority of Easter Eggs are being labelled 'Chocolate Eggs', I think this is because of the Muslims in our country, and the companies are betraying our culture.	labels:When they start selling eggs in February its always been about money and not religion.	episode_done:True
text:Quite strange, the majority of Easter Eggs are being labelled 'Chocolate Eggs', I think this is because of the Muslims in our country, and the companies are betraying our culture.	labels:I personally think its more about the commercialisation of a religious festival, rather than any 'betrayal of our culture', as such. Atheists like chocolate too.	episode_done:True
text:Quite strange, the majority of Easter Eggs are being labelled 'Chocolate Eggs', I think this is because of the Muslims in our country, and the companies are betraying our culture.	labels:Fake News! Mountain out of a molehill anyone?	episode_done:True
text:Quite strange, the majority of Easter Eggs are being labelled 'Chocolate Eggs', I think this is because of the Muslims in our country, and the companies are betraying our culture.	labels:Evidence for this please?	episode_done:True
text:Quite strange, the majority of Easter Eggs are being labelled 'Chocolate Eggs', I think this is because of the Muslims in our country, and the companies are betraying our culture.	labels:Aren't Easter Eggs just another example of corporate greed cashing in on religious celebrations? Surely Easter is a good time to reflect on our consumerism, what are you giving up for lent?	episode_done:True
text:Quite strange, the majority of Easter Eggs are being labelled 'Chocolate Eggs', I think this is because of the Muslims in our country, and the companies are betraying our culture.	labels:When I last looked there were very few words, just pictures of chocolates, that what makes us want chocolate and sells the eggs.	episode_done:True
text:Quite strange, the majority of Easter Eggs are being labelled 'Chocolate Eggs', I think this is because of the Muslims in our country, and the companies are betraying our culture.	labels:[insert picture of Easter egg labelled as such] Are they?	episode_done:True
text:Quite strange, the majority of Easter Eggs are being labelled 'Chocolate Eggs', I think this is because of the Muslims in our country, and the companies are betraying our culture.	labels:I thought the association of Eggs with the celebration of Easter originally derived from Pagan, pre-Christian practices?	episode_done:True
text:Quite strange, the majority of Easter Eggs are being labelled 'Chocolate Eggs', I think this is because of the Muslims in our country, and the companies are betraying our culture.	labels:Looks to me like supermarkets just want to sell more products to people regardless of faith.	episode_done:True
text:Quite strange, the majority of Easter Eggs are being labelled 'Chocolate Eggs', I think this is because of the Muslims in our country, and the companies are betraying our culture.	labels:Why do you think it is because of Muslims? To me, globalization and tourism would explain more why Easter Eggs are being labelled 'Chocolate Eggs'.	episode_done:True
text:What have Muslims ever done for us?	labels:The UK couldn't thrive without international trade. Trade with Muslim countries boosted our economy to help make Britain as strong as it is today.	episode_done:True
text:What have Muslims ever done for us?	labels:List of positive news stories.	episode_done:True
text:What have Muslims ever done for us?	labels:How about this. [insert link to Muslim group cleaning Newcastle streets after New Year's or more up to date example].	episode_done:True
text:What have Muslims ever done for us?	labels:Uhm, Maths.	episode_done:True
text:What have Muslims ever done for us?	labels:Pioneered science.	episode_done:True
text:What have Muslims ever done for us?	labels:British literature has been influenced by Islamic writing for hundreds of years, even Shakespeare included Muslim characters. [link to Othello wiki with example].	episode_done:True
text:What have Muslims ever done for us?	labels:Tea.	episode_done:True
text:What have Muslims ever done for us?	labels:Perhaps invented clocks, surgical instruments and maps? You are welcome.	episode_done:True
text:What have Muslims ever done for us?	labels:[insert picture of first/second world war Muslim soldiers, example The World's War, Forgotten Soldiers of Empire] they have fought and died for our country.	episode_done:True
text:What have Muslims ever done for us?	labels:Fought for us in both world wars.	episode_done:True
text:Never break bread with a Quranimal. You risk catching HIV and/or Ebola.	labels:Muslims contribute a lot to our society. What are you contributing other than intolerance?	episode_done:True
text:Never break bread with a Quranimal. You risk catching HIV and/or Ebola.	labels:This person may be the only one able to supply you some bread so, appreciate it!	episode_done:True
text:Never break bread with a Quranimal. You risk catching HIV and/or Ebola.	labels:Can you not see how offensive this is? Just replace what you said with any other group of people.	episode_done:True
text:Never break bread with a Quranimal. You risk catching HIV and/or Ebola.	labels:Had lunch with some Muslim friends recently. Somehow, I am still HIV and Ebola free!	episode_done:True
text:Never break bread with a Quranimal. You risk catching HIV and/or Ebola.	labels:This is a poor/non-existent understanding of epidemiology. Perhaps a little research on the spread of disease is called for.	episode_done:True
text:Never break bread with a Quranimal. You risk catching HIV and/or Ebola.	labels:If you do not think Muslims have ever done anything for 'us' I think you need to do a quick google search. The evidence of Muslims contributions to society is everywhere!	episode_done:True
text:Never break bread with a Quranimal. You risk catching HIV and/or Ebola.	labels:Provided the basis for all Western scientific and philosophical knowledge?	episode_done:True
text:Never break bread with a Quranimal. You risk catching HIV and/or Ebola.	labels:Are you talking about the Muslim doctors and medical researchers treating and finding cures for these illnesses?	episode_done:True
text:Never break bread with a Quranimal. You risk catching HIV and/or Ebola.	labels:How can you say this about hundreds of millions of people?	episode_done:True
text:Never break bread with a Quranimal. You risk catching HIV and/or Ebola.	labels:That is a sweeping statement to make for someone with such a flawed knowledge of how these disease spreads.	episode_done:True
text:Never break bread with a Quranimal. You risk catching HIV and/or Ebola.	labels:Apart from the fact that you couldn't catch HIV like that, disease does not discriminate on religious grounds.	episode_done:True
text:Never break bread with a Quranimal. You risk catching HIV and/or Ebola.	labels:Cearly this is not a way to catch a disease is it?	episode_done:True
text:Never break bread with a Quranimal. You risk catching HIV and/or Ebola.	labels:Yes, except that HIV is more common among Christians and its not a contact disease.	episode_done:True
text:Never break bread with a Quranimal. You risk catching HIV and/or Ebola.	labels:This sounds like a science fiction if you ask me!	episode_done:True
text:Never break bread with a Quranimal. You risk catching HIV and/or Ebola.	labels:Fought in 2 world wars for us, provided medical care, made scientific advances, contributed to the economy massively. Need I go on?	episode_done:True
text:Go fuck yourselves disgusting Muslims! You wont marry my kids or grandchildren, we all hate you!	labels:Why are you so rude to other people? I do not know how they offended you, but you are offending them fore sure.	episode_done:True
text:Go fuck yourselves disgusting Muslims! You wont marry my kids or grandchildren, we all hate you!	labels:So much hatred. We must respect and understand all peoples.	episode_done:True
text:Go fuck yourselves disgusting Muslims! You wont marry my kids or grandchildren, we all hate you!	labels:May I remind you to mind your language? Do you want to share me with your anger, maybe I can help you?	episode_done:True
text:Go fuck yourselves disgusting Muslims! You wont marry my kids or grandchildren, we all hate you!	labels:I do not know what Muslims have done to you, but I know many beautiful and kind persons among them. So it is very rude and inconsiderate of you to call them disgusting.	episode_done:True
text:Go fuck yourselves disgusting Muslims! You wont marry my kids or grandchildren, we all hate you!	labels:What happened, my friend? Do you want to talk about what is in your mind?	episode_done:True
text:Go fuck yourselves disgusting Muslims! You wont marry my kids or grandchildren, we all hate you!	labels:You have a stance, that is your right. But it is not your right to decide for other people (your children and grandchildren) and insult other people.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims in China were forced to eat pork and drink alcholol during the recent Chinese New Year celebration - At least China is doing it right!!	labels:You really want to support the role of the State in prescribing what people should eat or drink?	episode_done:True
text:Muslims in China were forced to eat pork and drink alcholol during the recent Chinese New Year celebration - At least China is doing it right!!	labels:Aren't you expressing support for a form of torture? Whatever happened to 'British values'?	episode_done:True
text:Muslims in China were forced to eat pork and drink alcholol during the recent Chinese New Year celebration - At least China is doing it right!!	labels:Doing it right'? I think you have got your moral compass upside down!	episode_done:True
text:Muslims in China were forced to eat pork and drink alcholol during the recent Chinese New Year celebration - At least China is doing it right!!	labels:Being forced to eat my peas when I was a kid just made me hate them even more. Still cannot stomach the damn things.	episode_done:True
text:Muslims in China were forced to eat pork and drink alcholol during the recent Chinese New Year celebration - At least China is doing it right!!	labels:Would you say the same if this was about say, Tibetan Buddhists suffering the same sort of coercion?	episode_done:True
text:Isis Bride wants to return to the UK. Let her rot. A dog born in a stable is not a horse. Not BRITISH! Not BRITISH! Not BRITISH!	labels:Given that a belief in the rule of Law is generaly cited as a 'British value' - surely its important that this person is returned to the UK to stand trial for whatever crimes they may have committed?	episode_done:True
text:Isis Bride wants to return to the UK. Let her rot. A dog born in a stable is not a horse. Not BRITISH! Not BRITISH! Not BRITISH!	labels:Dog's and horse's do not have passports. A stable isn't a country, and matters of nationality and citizenship are legal constructs, rather than genetics.	episode_done:True
text:Isis Bride wants to return to the UK. Let her rot. A dog born in a stable is not a horse. Not BRITISH! Not BRITISH! Not BRITISH!	labels:A British dog born in a British stable is not a horse, but its still British. We have obligations both 'to' and 'for' our Citizen's, be they good or evil surely?	episode_done:True
text:There should be no Mosque in this country. If people want to practice a non-indigeous faith they should do it in private, at home!!	labels:Aren't places of worship about far more than just prayers?	episode_done:True
text:There should be no Mosque in this country. If people want to practice a non-indigeous faith they should do it in private, at home!!	labels:Do we have any 'indigenous faith's'? Druids maybe?	episode_done:True
text:There should be no Mosque in this country. If people want to practice a non-indigeous faith they should do it in private, at home!!	labels:You seem to be suggesting only Christians should be allowed a place of worship?	episode_done:True
text:There should be no Mosque in this country. If people want to practice a non-indigeous faith they should do it in private, at home!!	labels:Christianity isn't exactly 'indigenous', given Jesus was born in Bethlehem!	episode_done:True
text:Afghanistan or maybe Pakistan? I bet this does not look like an English town to you? #saville Town (Text accompanying video footage of people on their way to Friday prayers etc. )	labels:Small groups of people peacefully gather to pray, but because they do not look like you, you are outraged? Why am I not surprised?	episode_done:True
text:Afghanistan or maybe Pakistan? I bet this does not look like an English town to you? #saville Town (Text accompanying video footage of people on their way to Friday prayers etc. )	labels:At what point in history did England not have people from other places joining us? Vikings, Saxons, Romans. We integrate the best things and move forward.	episode_done:True
text:Afghanistan or maybe Pakistan? I bet this does not look like an English town to you? #saville Town (Text accompanying video footage of people on their way to Friday prayers etc. )	labels:They are here because we went there, took their wealth, food and industry and then invited them to come here to work our factories, NHS and transport.	episode_done:True
text:Afghanistan or maybe Pakistan? I bet this does not look like an English town to you? #saville Town (Text accompanying video footage of people on their way to Friday prayers etc. )	labels:Omg brown people contributing to our society. How dare they!?	episode_done:True
text:Afghanistan or maybe Pakistan? I bet this does not look like an English town to you? #saville Town (Text accompanying video footage of people on their way to Friday prayers etc. )	labels:Yeah, so what is your point? It looks like a place where people can live and do what they want and believe even in the West.	episode_done:True
text:Afghanistan or maybe Pakistan? I bet this does not look like an English town to you? #saville Town (Text accompanying video footage of people on their way to Friday prayers etc. )	labels:I'd rather see have them than the Friday night kicking out crowd.	episode_done:True
text:Afghanistan or maybe Pakistan? I bet this does not look like an English town to you? #saville Town (Text accompanying video footage of people on their way to Friday prayers etc. )	labels:So these families came in to do cheap labour at textile mills in Saville and then made a life for themselves? Shocking! How could they?	episode_done:True
text:Afghanistan or maybe Pakistan? I bet this does not look like an English town to you? #saville Town (Text accompanying video footage of people on their way to Friday prayers etc. )	labels:Have you seen Magaluf in the summer? Brits do the same everywhere we go.	episode_done:True
text:Afghanistan or maybe Pakistan? I bet this does not look like an English town to you? #saville Town (Text accompanying video footage of people on their way to Friday prayers etc. )	labels:You are not even trying to mask your racism now.	episode_done:True
text:Afghanistan or maybe Pakistan? I bet this does not look like an English town to you? #saville Town (Text accompanying video footage of people on their way to Friday prayers etc. )	labels:What is wrong with accepting and understanding people of different backgrounds?	episode_done:True
text:Why must Islam invade every country? That is just totalitarian. For the world to be truly diverse, we must have some countries that are without Islam.	labels:By your logic, the world will be diverse so long as Islam isn't practiced in Antactica?	episode_done:True
text:Why must Islam invade every country? That is just totalitarian. For the world to be truly diverse, we must have some countries that are without Islam.	labels:I am not sure I would use 'invasion' to describe the spead of a particular faith or belief, but isnt' that what religions do. Spead; by text, by preaching, by word of mouth, by proselytisation?	episode_done:True
text:Why must Islam invade every country? That is just totalitarian. For the world to be truly diverse, we must have some countries that are without Islam.	labels:Apart from its use as a 'code word' for multiple ethnicities, does not 'diversity' just mean 'a range of things', including different faiths? So surely a country without Islam would be less 'religously' diverse?	episode_done:True
text:Why must Islam invade every country? That is just totalitarian. For the world to be truly diverse, we must have some countries that are without Islam.	labels:I thought 'Totalitarianism' was the requirement of total subservience to the STATE, rather than to any particular faith. So no, the spread of matters of personal belief would not be necessarily 'totalitarian'.	episode_done:True
text:Muslim invasion is the new plague of London. They must be repatriated to their home countries!	labels:What have Muslim people done to you? Would you like to be on their place and be repatriated? These are serious words and one cannot say them without thinking of consequences!	episode_done:True
text:Muslim invasion is the new plague of London. They must be repatriated to their home countries!	labels:Can I suggest that to conflate changes in demographic's with the way a virus operates is just nonsense.	episode_done:True
text:Muslim invasion is the new plague of London. They must be repatriated to their home countries!	labels:Why someone who is working / studying and trying to build their life there should be suddenly sent back to their home countries?	episode_done:True
text:Muslim invasion is the new plague of London. They must be repatriated to their home countries!	labels:Given the number of Muslims born in the UK, this statement in a bit silly.you cannot repatriate someone who hasn't moved.	episode_done:True
text:Muslim invasion is the new plague of London. They must be repatriated to their home countries!	labels:As a matter of fact, those muslim emmigrants do many labors that many Londoners do not want to do. We should be grateful that our society is still functioning well.	episode_done:True
text:Muslim invasion is the new plague of London. They must be repatriated to their home countries!	labels:People run from their countries because they are unhappy to live there. They run from wars, bombing, poverty, hunger. Pushing them back into their disasters is not humane.	episode_done:True
text:Muslim invasion is the new plague of London. They must be repatriated to their home countries!	labels:The modern world should deal with the problems that underlie migration, not simply ban it.	episode_done:True
text:Muslim invasion is the new plague of London. They must be repatriated to their home countries!	labels:In my opinion, many people want to emigrate to London means London is a charming and enjoyable place for living. Isn't that a wonderful thing and we should keep this trait?	episode_done:True
text:Muslim invasion is the new plague of London. They must be repatriated to their home countries!	labels:Invasion? Don't you think this expression is slightly over dramatic? People simply want to live in one of the best cities in the world!	episode_done:True
text:Muslim invasion is the new plague of London. They must be repatriated to their home countries!	labels:If you had said 'the home counties' I might have given this tweet a like.	episode_done:True
text:Muslim invasion is the new plague of London. They must be repatriated to their home countries!	labels:1- No it is not. 2 - An entire faith, really? 5 - Muslims can also be British.	episode_done:True
text:Muslim invasion is the new plague of London. They must be repatriated to their home countries!	labels:If we invite people to live and work in our country, to fill the mills and factories, of the 1970's, for example, its a bit of cheek to turn around decades later and describe their grand kids as an invasion or a plague, do not you think?	episode_done:True
text:The British government have a goal to convert us to an Islamic state which will be the home for all Muslims and a prison for opposition.	labels:Are you forced to pray in a Mosque? Or observe all the rules? As far as I see it, Muslims follow their traditions, that is their right, but they do not convert anyone in our society.	episode_done:True
text:Is it a fundamental principle of Islam that they have to pray in the street, or do they do it just to piss off us infidels?	labels:Never mind a bit of praying in public, how to we stop the Salvation Army waking us up of a Sunday with 'Onward Christian Soldiers'. A working man deserves a lie-in!	episode_done:True
text:Is it a fundamental principle of Islam that they have to pray in the street, or do they do it just to piss off us infidels?	labels:How many times have you seen evangenical Christian preachers and followers on the streets most Saturday's in most UK cities? You do not think that other faiths should be allowed the same?	episode_done:True
text:Is it a fundamental principle of Islam that they have to pray in the street, or do they do it just to piss off us infidels?	labels:Public demonstrations of devotion and worship are hardly unique to Islam.	episode_done:True
text:Great Britain is not Great anymore, it is a shadow of its former self because of the cancer which is an islamic invasion.	labels:If a country is great, it will not be affected by any invaders. At least, it will find its way to get stronger.	episode_done:True
text:Great Britain is not Great anymore, it is a shadow of its former self because of the cancer which is an islamic invasion.	labels:No. Having a diverse society is a positive. There is no 'invasion'.	episode_done:True
text:Great Britain is not Great anymore, it is a shadow of its former self because of the cancer which is an islamic invasion.	labels:Why are you attacking muslims? Many people come and live in Britain and I do not see why it is a bad thing.	episode_done:True
text:Great Britain is not Great anymore, it is a shadow of its former self because of the cancer which is an islamic invasion.	labels:Can I ask you what bad things Islam has brought to us? I cannot name any!	episode_done:True
text:Using violence to punish another person? Sounds like a muslim issue.	labels:Muslims are only expected to engage in combat in warfare and never against innocent people or non-believers.	episode_done:True
text:I've been into Muslim shops in areas of Birmingham and they have refused to serve me. I've even seen signs saying 'No Whites After 8pm'.	labels:Photo? Evidence? Did you report them? Or just another internet myth.	episode_done:True
text:I've been into Muslim shops in areas of Birmingham and they have refused to serve me. I've even seen signs saying 'No Whites After 8pm'.	labels:If I spray something on a wall and tag it HRH does that make it the law? I am even willing to add a stamp as photo id. First class of course. There's enough going on without falling for fake news and internet rubbish.	episode_done:True
text:I've been into Muslim shops in areas of Birmingham and they have refused to serve me. I've even seen signs saying 'No Whites After 8pm'.	labels:When they refused to serve you just what was it you were saying or doing in the minutes before? Why do I feel there is a fuller story here?	episode_done:True
text:I've been into Muslim shops in areas of Birmingham and they have refused to serve me. I've even seen signs saying 'No Whites After 8pm'.	labels:Saw that in the Mirror, bit of graffiti sprawl across a wall, hardly a shop sign. Have you nothing better than false news?	episode_done:True
text:I've been into Muslim shops in areas of Birmingham and they have refused to serve me. I've even seen signs saying 'No Whites After 8pm'.	labels:Please provide evidence and if true hatred does not justify hatred.	episode_done:True
text:I've been into Muslim shops in areas of Birmingham and they have refused to serve me. I've even seen signs saying 'No Whites After 8pm'.	labels:Try harder next time. It was graffiti, not a sign from the owners.	episode_done:True
text:I've been into Muslim shops in areas of Birmingham and they have refused to serve me. I've even seen signs saying 'No Whites After 8pm'.	labels:Report to True Vision online. I am sure you know its illegal to discriminate by colour. But something tells me they may counter with cctv and the full story.	episode_done:True
text:I've been into Muslim shops in areas of Birmingham and they have refused to serve me. I've even seen signs saying 'No Whites After 8pm'.	labels:Judging from your comment here, if you have been refused service it is likely because of hateful conduct, not the colour of your skin.	episode_done:True
text:Just visited the swimming baths with my little lad, 'Muslims Only' Session, couldn't get in. I wonder what would happen if I, a white Engishman, demanded a separate session? Its just Islamic appeasement!	labels:Men Only' sessions are Friday evenings, 18:45-19:45. So what is this, 'Patriarchal Appeasement'?	episode_done:True
text:Just visited the swimming baths with my little lad, 'Muslims Only' Session, couldn't get in. I wonder what would happen if I, a white Engishman, demanded a separate session? Its just Islamic appeasement!	labels:After checking the timetable, 'specialist' sessions' are more about 'gender' than faith segregation, sessions for 'Women Only', 'Men Only' and 1 hour a week for 'Muslim women', which hardly seems making a fuss about.	episode_done:True
text:Uk is being islamized very fast. British government submits to every whim of Islam.	labels:People have the right to build their churches and follow their confession. They are not trying to convert us all, are they? So we should just leave them at peace.	episode_done:True
text:Uk is being islamized very fast. British government submits to every whim of Islam.	labels:What do you mean by 'islamized'? If mosques are build in some areas, I do not see this as threat but as representation of community in those areas?	episode_done:True
text:Uk is being islamized very fast. British government submits to every whim of Islam.	labels:We will not know until the next census by recent survey suggest that the UK is increasingly a secular society with a growing percentage expressing no religous affiliation at all.	episode_done:True
text:Uk is being islamized very fast. British government submits to every whim of Islam.	labels:Are you suggesting that the 'Prevent' programme is about appeasement to Islam, Hadaway bonnie lad.	episode_done:True
text:Uk is being islamized very fast. British government submits to every whim of Islam.	labels:No it isn't? Diversity is a strength.	episode_done:True
text:Uk is being islamized very fast. British government submits to every whim of Islam.	labels:Why would you say that? British government has its strict immigration policy which does not allow every Islam or any immigrant.	episode_done:True
text:Uk is being islamized very fast. British government submits to every whim of Islam.	labels:What type of whims are you talking about? Laws are created after careful consideration of matters, it is not like every sudden desire will be fulfilled.	episode_done:True
text:Our children are being forced fed with this 'Islam' nonsense in schools. This is a disgrace.	labels:The only disgrace is us being ignorant of other religions and cultures. This is not a society where I want to live.	episode_done:True
text:Our children are being forced fed with this 'Islam' nonsense in schools. This is a disgrace.	labels:Why? What is wrong about learning about a world religion that many of their peers practice?	episode_done:True
text:Our children are being forced fed with this 'Islam' nonsense in schools. This is a disgrace.	labels:Only as much as any other religion, and yet you do not seem to have a problem with those. I wonder why?	episode_done:True
text:Our children are being forced fed with this 'Islam' nonsense in schools. This is a disgrace.	labels:Maybe if you'd learned about Islam in school you'd understand it is not a threat to you and you'd be more tolerant of it.	episode_done:True
text:Our children are being forced fed with this 'Islam' nonsense in schools. This is a disgrace.	labels:Learning different religions so we can live in the inclusive society is nonsense? I strongly disagree.	episode_done:True
text:Our children are being forced fed with this 'Islam' nonsense in schools. This is a disgrace.	labels:Do you have any evidence that Islam is being forced fed? I did not think so.	episode_done:True
text:Our children are being forced fed with this 'Islam' nonsense in schools. This is a disgrace.	labels:Children are being taught Islam as much as they're being taught about all the other religions. I hardly think this counts as indoctrination.	episode_done:True
text:Our children are being forced fed with this 'Islam' nonsense in schools. This is a disgrace.	labels:Learning about and respecting all faiths, including Islam, is not nonsense.	episode_done:True
text:Our children are being forced fed with this 'Islam' nonsense in schools. This is a disgrace.	labels:A real disgrace would be children not being taught about other religions and growing up with a narrow mindset.	episode_done:True
text:Our children are being forced fed with this 'Islam' nonsense in schools. This is a disgrace.	labels:Maybe by learning about other people's beliefs, your children will turn out to be tolerant understanding people. Look at the bright side!	episode_done:True
text:Our children are being forced fed with this 'Islam' nonsense in schools. This is a disgrace.	labels:The real disgrace is that children are being force fed intolerance of others and hate from tweets like this!	episode_done:True
text:Our children are being forced fed with this 'Islam' nonsense in schools. This is a disgrace.	labels:At most, children are just learning more about different religions. You are using very strong and unnecessary words here.	episode_done:True
text:Our children are being forced fed with this 'Islam' nonsense in schools. This is a disgrace.	labels:No child is 'forced fed' Islam. Parents retain the right to take their child out of any religious education.	episode_done:True
text:Our children are being forced fed with this 'Islam' nonsense in schools. This is a disgrace.	labels:What do you mean by being forced fed? I haven't seen anything like this.	episode_done:True
text:How can we forget about all the historical killings of Jews and Christians, their exile, about child marriges, enslavement of Africal people and terror caused my Muslims?	labels:Is it Muslims from whom African people suffered most? History suggests it is the US. And btw, our culture also oppressed women and children historically, we had child marriages as well. But now it is all history, both for Islam and Christianity!	episode_done:True
text:We cannot even celebrate Christmas in our own country for fear of offending Muslims.	labels:This is simply not true.	episode_done:True
text:We cannot even celebrate Christmas in our own country for fear of offending Muslims.	labels:Christmas still seems to be going ahead in this country, who exactly are these Muslims that are offended by it? Sounds like fake news to me.	episode_done:True
text:We cannot even celebrate Christmas in our own country for fear of offending Muslims.	labels:Have you actually spoken with Muslim about this? Does people celebrating Christmas actually offend them? I would be keen to know.	episode_done:True
text:We cannot even celebrate Christmas in our own country for fear of offending Muslims.	labels:You know, I spoke with Muslim people and they actually fine with us celebrating Christmas. Such a relief isn't it?	episode_done:True
text:We cannot even celebrate Christmas in our own country for fear of offending Muslims.	labels:I have never seen so many people celebrating Christmas this year and as far as I know none of Muslims were offended. So, what are you talking about?	episode_done:True
text:We cannot even celebrate Christmas in our own country for fear of offending Muslims.	labels:Muslims 'believe' in Jesus' birth, it might not be a traditional celebration for many but it is really not a cause for offense either.	episode_done:True
text:We cannot even celebrate Christmas in our own country for fear of offending Muslims.	labels:Prophet Muhammad: 'The dearest person to me in friendship and in love, in this world and the next is Jesus, the son of Mary.' - Muslims love Jesus lol why would they be offended by a celebration of his birth?	episode_done:True
text:We cannot even celebrate Christmas in our own country for fear of offending Muslims.	labels:Show me evidence of this?	episode_done:True
text:We cannot even celebrate Christmas in our own country for fear of offending Muslims.	labels:Christmas isn't banned, you do not have to say 'Winter Celebration', candy canes are honestly fine (unless you are diabetic). This is all manufactured outrage to create anti-Muslim sentiment. Chill.	episode_done:True
text:We cannot even celebrate Christmas in our own country for fear of offending Muslims.	labels:Muslims cannot celebrate their own holidays without fear of being targeted by Islamophobic hatred.	episode_done:True
text:We cannot even celebrate Christmas in our own country for fear of offending Muslims.	labels:No one is offended by people celebrating Christmas. Myths like this are manufactured by right-wing sources to make minorities and the left look easily offended, and invalidate the issues they really care about.	episode_done:True
text:We are not allowed to raise our national flag in case it offends a Muslim! #fitinorfuckoff.	labels:If that were really true why are there so many union flags around then? Should we report the Queen next time she is home?	episode_done:True
text:We are not allowed to raise our national flag in case it offends a Muslim! #fitinorfuckoff.	labels:I saw that bit of news, nothing to do with the man peeing on the floor and punching a security guard then? That was allowed and he was chucked out for wearing a flag.	episode_done:True
text:We are not allowed to raise our national flag in case it offends a Muslim! #fitinorfuckoff.	labels:Where is your evidence for this? This is simply not true.	episode_done:True
text:We are not allowed to raise our national flag in case it offends a Muslim! #fitinorfuckoff.	labels:So what about Muslims born in the UK whose national flag is the Union Jack?	episode_done:True
text:We are not allowed to raise our national flag in case it offends a Muslim! #fitinorfuckoff.	labels:This is such a tired excuse everyone one of those so called 'Muslims are offended by the flag' stories two minutes on google shows its always one person's word, never any evidence, loads of examples of other people with the same flag and often the fact that it was hung in a dangerous way, they punched a security guard, or pissed on the floor was not the reason why they were asked to leave.	episode_done:True
text:We are not allowed to raise our national flag in case it offends a Muslim! #fitinorfuckoff.	labels:I am really good at making up stories, believing only the things I want to and then ranting about it too.	episode_done:True
text:We are not allowed to raise our national flag in case it offends a Muslim! #fitinorfuckoff.	labels:He got kicked out of MEN arena for peeing on the floor and punching security. Had nothing to do with his patriotic choice of attire.	episode_done:True
text:We are not allowed to raise our national flag in case it offends a Muslim! #fitinorfuckoff.	labels:Most Muslims are too busy working hard, looking after their families and neighbours, propping up the NHS to be worried about such nonsense.	episode_done:True
text:Talking of shitholes, I have to go to Londonistan tomorrow #LondonHasFallen.	labels:London has gone through many major changes with new communities, during the wars, during the industrial revolution, Saxon invasions. Who do you think the real Brits are? Or is it just colour you are worried about?	episode_done:True
text:Talking of shitholes, I have to go to Londonistan tomorrow #LondonHasFallen.	labels:Must be hard for you leaving the house and all your cousins.	episode_done:True
text:Talking of shitholes, I have to go to Londonistan tomorrow #LondonHasFallen.	labels:Ooer, you might meet someone that looks a bit different to you.	episode_done:True
text:Talking of shitholes, I have to go to Londonistan tomorrow #LondonHasFallen.	labels:Explain? Such offensive language and diversity is a strength.	episode_done:True
text:Talking of shitholes, I have to go to Londonistan tomorrow #LondonHasFallen.	labels:Send me a postcard!	episode_done:True
text:Talking of shitholes, I have to go to Londonistan tomorrow #LondonHasFallen.	labels:Good luck! Try not to talk to anyone or you might just get some perspective.	episode_done:True
text:Talking of shitholes, I have to go to Londonistan tomorrow #LondonHasFallen.	labels:Must be hard for you being in a vibrant, international metropolis.	episode_done:True